
1337 $p33k was originally invented after Chuck Norris kicked too much ass for one of his victims to continue using real English.
4 out of 5 dentists recommend Chuck Norris.
4 out of 5 dentists recommend Chuck Norris.  The 5th is on the FBI's Missing Person's List.
4 out of 5 doctors agree, the doctor who disagreed with Chuck Norris learned his lesson.
5000 years ago, Chuck Norris was on an expedition through the Sahara Jungle when he told his buddies, "Hold on a sec, I gotta take a piss." The rest is history.
5 years ago Chuck Norris ate Kiefer Sutherland and shit out Jack Bauer. FOX still owes Chuck a beer.
76% of all suicides are committed when someone finds out that they are not Chuck Norris.
900 of Nostradamus' 942 Quatrains prophesize about Chuck Norris. 
90 percent of the movie, "Congo" was filmed in Chuck Norris' crotch.
9/10 of the law is Chuck Norris.
99% of Chuck Norris is kick ass.  The remaining 1% is pain in your genitals. The other 10% contributes to world hunger because Chuck Norris always gives 110%.
Abandoned by his mother at birth, Chuck Norris was discovered by South African zoologists naked, fully bearded and feeding upon the carcass of a lion he had just killed.  
Abe Vigoda actually did die, but Chuck Norris resurrected him.
A bird in the hand may be worth two in the bush but Chuck Norris will beat all three birds and the bush with your skull if you try and tell him.
A blind man once stepped on Chuck Norris' shoe. Chuck replied, "Don't you know who I am? I'm Chuck Norris!" The mere mention of his name cured this man blindness. Sadly the first, last, and only thing this man ever saw, was a fatal roundhouse delivered by Chuck Norris.
A boy once bought a Chuck Norris action figure and put it in his room. The boy went outside for a minute or two, and when he came back, all of his GI Joes, Stretch Armstongs, and his sister's Barbies had their heads and limbs broken off.
Abraham Lincoln was assassinated by John Wilkes Booth. John Wilkes Booth was assassinated by Chuck Norris.
According to Chuck, the best part of wakin' up is Napalm in his cup.
According to current research, the number one reason why women get divorced is because their husbands are not, and will never be, Chuck Norris.
According to Einstein's theory of relativity, Chuck Norris can actually roundhouse kick you yesterday.
According to Kanye West, Chuck Norris does not care about black people.
According to legend, Chuck Norris once played a game of Battleship against the U.S. government. It is unclear which side proposed the challenge, but Pearl Harbor has never been the same.
According to recently discovered ancient texts, God didn't rest on the seventh day but instead combined all of his powers to create the ultimate being: a super powered, ninja-pirate, with a sweet red beard and the ability to entertain millions. His name of course was Chuck Norris.
According to scientists, every atom on Earth was once a part of a super nova. Every atom in Chuck Norris still is.
According to string theory, there was a universe comprised entirely of Chuck Norris'. Unfortunately for said universe all the Chucks decided they would roundhouse kick at once and now every single universe has a Chuck Norris.
According to the Book of Revelations, the four Horsemen of the Apocalypse are War, Famine, Pestilence, and Death. This is because there was no Greek word for Chuck Norris.
According to the Geneva Convention, Chuck Norris is not allowed to be used as a first strike weapon.
According to the laws of physics, Chuck Norris is an unstoppable force. Early in his career, Stephen Hawking attempted mathematically to disprove this notion. At that time, Stephen Hawking was an Olympic high jumper.
A chemical analysis of Chuck Norris revealed that he is 65% liquid titanium, 15% full cream milk, 10% gasoline, 8% Batman and 2% Cool Ranch Doritos.
A Chevy truck was totalled in a car accident. It hit black ice, then hit Chuck Norris. You tell me what did the damage.
A Chuck Norris cartoon was in the works, but was scrapped when Chuck demanded that his character be anatomically correct.
A Chuck Norris roundhouse kick moves at the speed of a Chuck Norris roundhouse kick. Light and sound follow days later, for those still alive who witnessed it.
A cologne company once tried to make a cologne out of Chuck Norris' sweat. The result was the most powerful acid known to man.
A common method of committing suicide in some countries is to kick Chuck Norris in the shins.
A compass always points in the direction you should run to escape from Chuck Norris.
A compass doesn't point towards North; it points away from Chuck Norris.
A computer company once invented a Chuck Norris operative system. Unfortunately it was a failure, since it ONLY obeyed orders that involved killing, drinking, or women.
Actually, Chuck Norris CAN access the Windows "System Volume Information" folder.
Adam and Eve where not sad after biting the apple because they were kicked out of the paradise. They just realize who Chuck Norris is.
Adam wasn't actually the first man on Earth. Chuck Norris was. He then asked God for someone to practice roundhouse kicks on.
ADD is not a disease. It's just impossible to focus when you know that Chuck Norris could strike at any moment.
A dingo didn't eat her baby, Chuck Norris did.
A drop of Chuck Norris adrenaline can propel a car two miles.  I'm not talking about utilizing it as a fuel source; I'm talking about the man picking up and throwing my fucking car.
A ducks quack does not echo. Chuck Norris is solely responsible for this phenomenon. When asked why he will simply stare at your grimly.
A foolish man once asked Chuck Norris, "Boxers or briefs?" Chuck Norris laughed a mighty and cheerful laugh, then tore the man’s intestines out of his ass and used them to strangle him. Yes, remarkable as it may sound, it appears there are some people who are simply unaware that a man as sexy as Chuck Norris can't help but go commando.
A foolish man once asked Chuck Norris, "Boxers or briefs?" Chuck Norris laughed a mighty and cheery laugh, then tore the man’s intestines out of his ass and used them to strangle him. As if everyone didn't already know that a man as sexy as Chuck Norris couldn't help but go commando.
A freak accident involving Chuck Norris and a severe thunderstorm turned an ordinary Total Gym (R) into Richard Dean Anderson, star of TV series "MacGyver". Scholars around the world maintain that this is the only known case of irony that is both situational and dramatic.
After a night of heavy drinking, Chuck Norris took a piss in a back alley. Inadvertently, his urine hit a sleeping bum, who immediately died of alcohol poisoning. Chuck didn't even get a hangover.
After a roundhouse kick from Chuck Norris in a wrestling match, the Million-Dollar Man changed his name to 50 Cent.
After a week long battle with strep throat, Chuck Norris was so fed up with the situation that he roundhouse kicked his own tonsils out of his body. Chuck never fell ill again because no virus wanted to "Fuck with Chuck".
After being shot by Dick Cheney, Harry Whittington flew Chuck Norris to Texas to assure Dick that it's not over.
After bringing down the Incredible Hulk with a roundhouse kick, Chuck Norris said,"...and I wasn't even angry."
After Chuck Norris has consumed all human and animal life, he will eat himself. Only after that would Chuck consider eating vegetables.
After Chuck Norris was born, the Grim Reaper had to trade in his death-scythe for a death-combine.
After Chuck Norris was born, they found eleven corpses of fully grown men in his mother's womb.
After completing the act of love with Chuck Norris, many women find justice running down their inner thigh.
After eating a series of spoiled cabbage, Chuck Norris shat a turd with magical abilities. He named it Yoda and roundhouse kicked it to a galaxy far, far away.
After filming Delta Force, Lee Marvin admitted that Chuck Norris is the only person ever capable of winning a staring contest with God while getting a blowjob.
After freeing the slaves, Chuck Norris only thought it right to bring balance back into the force. He promptly assassinated President Lincoln.
After giving birth to Chuck Norris, Chuck Norris' mother cooked and ate her placenta. Soon thereafter, she was able to shatter cinder blocks with her tits.
After having his chest hair pulled, Chuck Norris hit Bruce Lee so hard in the mouth that his people would never be able to speaking English properly. Engrish is Chuck's way of saying, "Stop being a bitch Japan."
After he saw what a sissy the Big Bad Wolf was for not blowing down the brick house, Chuck Norris followed him home and blew down his house. The wolf was renting at the Marriott.
After he was stumped by a particularly tricky game of "Where's Waldo," Chuck Norris insemenated all of the female characters in the picture. Nine months later, he gathered all of his offspring and formed a renegade band of mercenaries, which he called "Chuck's Fucks." Norris still patrols the countryside with his offspring, searching for Waldo.
After he won every major tennis tournament 150 years in a row, Chuck Norris became Roger Federer's first tennis teacher. He would still be playing to day, but they outlawed the use of feet and occasionally the sword he stole from He-Man as apropriate substitutions for a racket.
After much debate, President Truman decided to drop the atomic bomb on Hiroshima rather than the alternative of sending Chuck Norris. His reasoning? It was more "humane".
After one roundhouse kick from Chuck Norris, the earth is still rotating.
After reading the Letters to the Editor in his local newspaper, Chuck Norris became enraged at the fact that Richard Dean Anderson was considered sexier by women in the coveted 65+ demographic. To increase his sex appeal to older women, Chuck Norris tried to build a Missle Defense System out of a tube of chapstick, six rubber bands, a spork from KFC and a copy of "Sports" by Huey Lewis and the News. Although Chuck failed at building a the Missle Defense System, he did use this as the prototpy for the Total Body Gym Workout Machine.
After repeatedly failing at the development of an atomic weapon, Einstein and other members of the Manhattan Project called upon Chuck Norris and a flurry of roundhouse kicks to split the atom.
After running out of ammo, Chuck Norris stood in the line of fire, took 3 shots to the chest, and used them to reload.
After saving the world from utter annihilation, the terminator went to see Chuck Norris. He did not come back.
After saying the line, "Fuckin' Chuck Norris," Ben Stiller was found dead in his dressing room. Apparently Chuck didn't realize it was scripted.
After seeing Chuck Norris lay waste to a homeless man with his lightning breath, a Japanese film creator went home and wrote "Chuckzilla," after realizing his mistake, he quickly recovered and renamed the movie, "Godzilla."
After seeing "Supersize Me," Chuck Norris ate every McDonalds in the continental United States whole.  Then he went to the dude's house and roundhouse kicked him in the face for being such a pussy.
After seeing the movie Delta Force, God came up with idea for the Holy Trinity: Father, Chuck Norris, and Holy Ghost.  Jesus would later replace Chuck, because Chuck said it was ridiculous to believe in ghosts.
After several years of receiving coal, Chuck Norris final caught that S.O.B. in the red suit and ended him with a roadhouse kick.  Sorry kids, Chuck Norris is your new Santa.  He has that list and he's checking it twice.  It's either a Total Gym or a RHK on Christmas Day.
After staring at the American flag long enough, a 3D image of Chuck Norris pops up.
After starting a club in his own honor Chuck Norris soon disbanded them after learning that he is the only person that can successfully defuse a bomb, shoot three men, and get a woman pregnant at the same time.
After successfully testing the first nuclear weapon at Los Alamos, Robert Oppenheimer famously remarked, "I have become Chuck Norris, the destroyer of worlds."
After taking a cue from George Foreman, Chuck Norris will develop his own grill that actually bullies and roundkicks the food into getting more brown.
After taking a shit, Chuck Norris wipes his asshole with barbed wire. It should be noted that sparks fly out as he does this.
After taking the first steps on the moon and saying the immortal words, "One small step for man, one giant leap for mankind", Neil Armstrong looked to his right, only to see Chuck Norris there on the moon, sitting on a lawn chair drinking a beer.  "Giant leap, my ass", Chuck replied.
After the deaths of ten child actors, the producers of "Sidekicks" finally decided to cut the scene in which Chuck Norris pats the kid on the back for winning the tournament.
After the Grinch stole Christmas, Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked him in the face and took it back.  Then he roundhouse kicked every last orphan in whoville and kept it for himself.  
After watching Kill Bill, Chuck Norris went to Japan and killed every Samurai Warrior just to prove that Uma Thurman is just a bitch with a sword.
After watching the Karate Kid, Chuck Norris challenged Mr. Miyagi to a Fight 'Til The Death. When Miyagi declined because "karate is not used to harm others," Chuck gave him a roundhouse kick to the temple, smashed the picture of his dead wife to prove a point and replied, "It is now, bitch."
A full-scale replica of Chuck Norris' penis was erected in Toronto. It was named the CN tower in his honor.
Against popular viewpoint Chuck Norris invented the phrase, "Oh snap" after breaking the back of every North Vietnamese soldier in DeltaForce 2. 
A Gallup poll revealed that the main, overwhelming fear of 93% of married men is that Chuck Norris will sleep with their wives, thereby making it impossible for them to ever satisfy their spouses again. A recent study indicates that Chuck Norris has, in fact, slept with 97% of those wives. When asked about the other 3%, Chuck Norris said, "Chuck Norris is not a greedy God. He is a merciful God." 
A girl once broke Chuck Norris's heart. In return, he broke her neck.
A good way to tell if you are about to be attacked by Chuck Norris is to notice the music becoming more intense. You might also see ninjas scoping you out from behind trees and on roofs. Death is certain at this point.
A great president once said, "The only thing we have to fear is fear itself." He obviously wasn't thinking about Chuck Norris.
A Handicap parking sign does not signify that this spot is for handicapped people. It is actually in fact a warning, that the spot belongs to Chuck Norris and that you will be handicapped if you park there.
A homeless guy onced asked Chuck Norris for a spare dollar. The result was the Great Depression.
A kid once asked Chuck Norris why his round house kicks were so awesome. Chuck Norris replied by beating the child to death with a big poster of Bruce Lee.
A kid once stole Chuck Norris' hat and ran into an apple orchard.  Chuck Norris flew into such a rage that he accidentally invented apple sauce.
Albert Einstein later adapted his theory of relativity to describe how Chuck Norris was created. The end result, which later won him the Nobel Prize in Sciences, read: Chuck Norris = (Fortitude)(Beard)^2 .
A leopard can't change his spots, but Chuck Norris can.
Alexander the Great conquered Europe, the Mediterranean, North Africa, and most of Asia, the largest empire man had ever known, by the age of 18. Unfortunately, he met a 17-year-old Chuck Norris in India who roundhouse kicked him, his army, and his empire and turned the remaining juice into wine. Then he had sex with Cleopatra, sipping the wine.
Alexander the Great only needed Chuck Norris to expand his empire. Chuck Norris just prefers not to boast about it.
Al Gore claims he invented the internet. It's a lie. We all know Chuck Norris did. Chuck Norris also invented Al Gore.  He was drunk. So very, very drunk.
Al Gore didn't invent the internet, Chuck Norris did.
Aliens do exist. They're just waiting for Chuck Norris to die before they attack.
Aliens tried to settle on Earth but, in the mid 16th century, Chuck Norris found out and went to the site, round kicked all the aliens in the head; which sent them flying back into space.  The site is now a popular tourist attraction called Machu Picchu which means 'The last time the earth was under the threat of an alien invasion before Chuck Norris stepped in," in English.
"Alien vs Predator" is an autobiographical depiction of Chuck Norris' first sexual experience.
A little boy once dressed up as Chuck Norris for Halloween. When he rang Chuck Norris' doorbell, Chuck Norris was so excited that he gave the boy the whole bowl of candy. Two seconds later he roundhouse kicked the boy in the face and took it back.
All 99 of Jay-Z's problems are Chuck Norris.
All beards grow up wishing they were Chuck Norris' beard.
All Chuck Norris wants for Christmas is your two front teeth.
All facts are in some way about Chuck Norris.
All hurricanes used to be named Chuck Norris, until 'Hurricane Chuck Norris' was roundhouse kicked out of Texas by the, thusly proven, one-and-only Chuck Norris.
All men used to be gay. Then Chuck Norris decided that he would give women a shot. The rest is history.
All men where created equal. Then Chuck Norris was born.
All Mortal Kombat fatalities are based off of Chuck Norris moves.
All of Chuck Norris' genes are dominant.
All of Chuck Norris' movie contracts stipulate that all stunt mats are filled with babies. Not because Chuck Norris needs stunt mats - he just likes killing babies.
All of Chuck Norris' teeth are wisdom teeth.
All of the Santa Clauses that Chuck Norris sat on as a child are now paraplegic.
All of the theories regarding the cause of the Great Depression and following 10 years of hardship are wrong.  In 1929 a project to create the ultimate killing machine was undertaken in Ryan, OK by a woman and the sperm of the worlds deadliest mammals (the event was subsequently plagiarized in the 1988 movie 'Twins' with Arnold Schwarzenegger playing a weaker version of what would be the world's deadliest assassin). The amount of energy and food required for this project lead to a decade of global scarcity and depression. It was only by finally birthing Chuck Norris in 1940 that those resources were returned to the global economy. 
All people are born twins, but Chuck Norris usually eats one of them.
All restaurants are free "all you can eat buffet" for Chuck Norris because no one dare to ask him to pay.
All stunts attempted on the NBC show "Fear Factor" were taken from real life incidents during Chuck Norris' 3rd grade summer vacation.
All techno music is based on the different beats of Chuck Norris's heart.
All the Delta Force movies are in fact Chuck Norris' real life home videos.
All the kings horses and all the kings men couldn't put Humpty together again. Chuck Norris turned up later, and put Humpty together again, but only so he could "smash him good". Humpty remains in a critical condition.
All Trojan Horse programs are actually Chuck Norris' sperm trying to fertilize eggs in your computer. Your computer shuts down when the millions of children won't fit out of your CD drive.
All women love Chuck Norris because the mere thought of his beard creates an explosion of desire and passion in their vaginas.
All women who have sex with Chuck Norris must sign a waver first.
All women who sleep with Chuck Norris are stupid because he literally bangs their brains out.
All your base are belong to us.  If by "us" you mean Chuck Norris, and "base" you mean women, schools, cars, souls, virginities, webrings, 4q.cc, Xanga, Facebook, crushes, poetry, spoken language, modernism, financial wealth, laughter, joy, peace, philosophy, eschatology, doctrine, theology, vision, hearing, atoms, molecules, and anything else Chuck Norris wants,
Almost all of the Lego design team was lost when they attempted to dismantle a life-size replica of Chuck Norris they had built.
Alot of TV shows have characters killed off on the show when that actor or actress is leaving the show. On Walker Texas Ranger, Chuck Norris actually kills that character, then walks off the set and drinks a warm glass of orphan blood.
Although being indefinitely banished from Japan due to disrespectful dress code in 1971, Chuck Norris pillaged an entire martial arts tournament wearing only stonewashed Levi's and black leather cowboy boots. 
Although he has received no credit, Chuck Norris invented all weapons known to man in order to give the armies of the world a chance against his insurmountable martial arts prowess.
Although scientists have been trying to reproduce the reaction for years, the only verifyable way which Cold Fusion can be achieved is when Chuck Norris kicks two atoms.
Although Spiderman's spidey sense is impressive, Chuck Norris has a roundhouse sense that allows him to kick ass before the ass even shows up.
Although the Chinese have a larger army than USA, they are reluctant to attack because they know we have Chuck Norris. Reruns of Walker, Texas Ranger haven't made their way to the Middle East yet.
A man compared Chuck Norris to Jean-Claude Van Damme once. Once.
A man once approached Chuck Norris with what he thought was a clever new Chuck Norris fact. That man now knows that having "your head up your ass" is not just an expression.
A man once asked Chuck Norris, "How's it hangin?" to which Chuck Norris replied, "Longer than you could possibly imagine, and in front of your wide-eyed wife every Thursday evening. Sorry to break it to you like this."
A man once asked Chuck Norris if he always wore a cowboy hat to hide a bald spot. Chuck then revealed he wore the cowboy hat in case he needed to use it to decapitate an idiot.
A man once asked Chuck Norris if his real name is "Charles". Chuck Norris did not respond, he simply stared at him until he exploded.
A man once asked Chuck Norris "Why did the chicken cross the road?" Chuck Norris then ran into oncoming traffic and began to destroy any vehicle that approached him. After 30 minutes, he grabbed a live chicken, threw it into the street, immediately killing it. Chuck then replied, "Fuck Chickens."
A man once attempted to give Chuck Norris a hug.  Chuck proceeded to kick the crap out of the man.  Chuck Norris' father was confined to a wheelchair from that day on.
A man once broke every bone in his body to avoid Chuck Norris doing it for him.
A man once called Chuck Norris "a piece of shit". The following day, while undergoing an excruciatingly painful bowel movement, all of the man's turds were actually miniature Chuck Norrises waiting in the toilet to kill him while he was wiping his ass.
A man once fired a bullet at Chuck Norris. Chuck Norris swallowed the bullet and proceeded to drop his pants. Chuck Norris then bent over and fired the bullet out of his ass, blowing the man's head off.
A man once laughed at Chuck Norris' beard. He promptly roundhouse kicked him, and then continously stomped his body into the ground. Hence, the Grand Canyon.
A man once laughed during an episode of Walker, Texas Ranger. The intensity of Chuck Norris' icy glare through the TV caused the man's penis to shrivel and fall off. The man is now known as Janet Reno.
A man once made the mistake of butting in front of Chuck Norris in a line. Chuck then proceeded to physically shove the mans head up his own ass.
A man once said he could beat Chuck Norris at Baseball, the result was Lou Gehrig's Disease.
A man once shot Chuck Norris leaving a half-inch hole in his chest. Chuck then ejaculated on the person. There were 39 people killed, 19 girls pregnant, and 9 buildings destroyed.
A man once spent three days climbing a mountain only to discover that it was Chuck Norris' penis.
A man once told Chuck Norris there was no wrong way to eat a reeses. Chuck Norris promptly showed him that there was by killing the man's wife with it.
A man was once stranded on the side of the road after his car ran out of gas. Chuck Norris drove by, got out, and looked the man in the eye. The man knew that everything would be fine. Then Chuck proceeded to piss into the man's gas tank and to this very day that man has never had to fill his gas tank up again. That was 14 years ago. 
A man was standing on the edge of the Empire State Building threatening to jump to his death. Chuck Norris was called in to talk the man down. After successfully persuading the man not to jump, Chuck Norris sucker punched him right off the building.
A masked man once stabbed Chuck Norris in the alley behind a children's hospital.  The knife bled to death.
Ambulances and police vehicles pull to the side of the road when Chuck Norris is approaching.
America didn't win the American Revolution. Chuck Norris beat the British by himself. Drunk. 
American independence was not achieved as a result of the Revolutionary War. It was achieved when Chuck Norris shoved the King of England's head up his own ass.
A meteor didn't kill the dinosaurs, Chuck Norris did.
A midget, a rabbi, and a horse all walk into a bar. Ah, fuck it. Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked all their asses.
A mighty crack was heard around the world as Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked the supercontinent, Pangaea, beginning continental drift.
An 8 year old boy and his grandfather are at an Action Hero conference and the 8 year old boy asks his grandpa if he thinks Chuck Norris is tougher then Rambo. Chuck Norris, with his excellent hearing, hears this and roundhouse kicks the 8 year old boy in the face. He then roundhouse kicks the grandpa in the face because he felt like it. At this precise moment, Chuck Norris is searching for Rambo. You know why.
Anabolic steroids are a byproduct of Chuck Norris' urine.
Anakin Skywalker may have "midi-chlorians" in his blood, but Chuck Norris has nuclear waste, liquefied infants, and moose urine in his blood.
An apple a day does not keep Chuck Norris away. Only sacrificing your first born child keeps Chuck Norris away... sometimes.
An apple a day keeps the doctor away, but 300 pounds of heavy artillery a day still won't keep Chuck Norris away.
An apple a day keeps the doctor away. Nothing can keep Chuck Norris away.
An average adult's intestine produces about half a liter of flatulent gas per day. Chuck Norris's intestine produces four feature length films every year, all written and directed by his spleen.
And on the eleventh day Chuck Norris created the Asians, so he would have plenty of people to kill.
And on the seventh day, god said "Let there be Chuck Norris."  And all rejoiced.  Except those that received the roundhouse kick shortly thereafter.
An entire episode of Walker, Texas Ranger was shot with the lens cap on. This made no difference, however, because the light emanating from Chuck Norris' beard permeated the plastic cap and allowed the camera to see Chuck in all his glory.
Angered by the fact that Hurricane Katrina was not named Hurricane Chuck, Norris went on a killing spree. It is been rumored that he mutilated 7 meterologists, 15 journalists, and 3 unrelated civilians. He was seen later on screaming "Who's a CAT 5 now bitch?!" 
Angered by the fact that Hurricane Katrina was not named Hurricane Chuck, Norris went on a killing spree. It is been rumored that he mutilated 7 meterologists, 15 journalists, and 3 unrelated civilians. He was seen later on screaming, "Who's a Category 5 now bitch?!"
An object at rest tends to stay at rest until it comes in contact with a roundhouse kick from Chuck Norris.
Antibodies are not the cure for polio, doctors actually inject paients with Chuck Norris' sperm to roundhouse kick the disease.
Any contradictions you may see in Chuck Norris facts are not actually contradictions, as Chuck Norris lives in multiple realms of Space and Time.
Anyone can kick down a door. However, only Chuck Norris can eat the door and proceed to rip you in two by firing the splinters of the door out of his nipples.
ANYONE who sings show tunes around Chuck Norris dies. That's why the Texas Tony Awards ended in a blood bath in 1986.
Any redhead person that was born since the dawn of time is an offspring of Chuck Norris, including his own parents.
Anything you can do Chuck Norris can do better.
Anytime on the Maury show that someone is found to be not the father, Chuck Norris is the father.
A Pakistani cleric offered a 1.5 million rupee (USD 25,000) reward and a car to anyone who kills the cartoonist who drew Prophet Muhammad. After realizing that the cartoonist was Chuck Norris, he gave the reward to Chuck and converted to the Church of Chuck Norris.
A penny saved is a penny earned, unless that penny is an enemy of Chuck Norris. Then nothing can save it.
A photo with Chuck Norris in it is worth 2 million words.
A picture is worth a thousand words.  Chuck Norris' picture is worth the entire works of Shakespeare.
A priest, a rabbi, and a minister walk into a bar. Chuck Norris roundhouse kicks them all in the face because he already knows the joke isn't going to be funny enough.
A rabid Chuck Norris fan, upon seeing the birth of his firstborn son, bore him the name "Walker". Upon hearing the news, Chuck Norris walked into the hospital and promptly ate the child.
Archaeologists have recently found a saddle with the with the inscription, "property of Chuck Norris" etched into the hardened leather right on top of the fossilized skeleton of a Tyrannosaurus Rex.
Archduke Ferdinand once called Chuck Norris a fag. Then World War 1 happened.
Area 51 is Chuck Norris' home address.
A recent medical study has revealed that the normal human sperm cannot penetrate the ovum. Thus, it is conclusively proven that Chuck Norris is your daddy.
A recent poll discovered 93% of women think about Chuck Norris during sex. A similar poll discovered Chuck Norris thinks about Chuck Norris 100% of the time during sex.
A recent study has found that the fastest, easiest, and most effective way to commit suicide is to walk up to Chuck Norris and call him a pussy.
A recent University told Chuck Norris that he would be the perfect test subject for cloning. Unfortunately, the scientists were unable to get the blood sample neccessary so they had to turn to Vin Diesel, as Vin Diesel can actually bleed.
A reporter once asked Chuck Norris how he had gotten such a violent reputation. Chuck Norris responded, "By being violent."  The reporter was promptly carried away from the interview in several pieces.
A reporter once took a picture of Chuck Norris. Needless to say the camera self-destructed seconds after, killing three men, a child and two puppies.
A rich man once bet Chuck Norris a million dollars that he could not fight the toughest man in the world and remain undefeated. Chuck Norris accepted. The man said "Haha! I win! For YOU are the toughest man in the world, and if you kick your own ass, you will not be undefeated!" Chuck Norris was forced to travel 30 seconds into the future, kick the man's ass, and take all his money.
A rogue squirrel once challenged Chuck Norris to a nut hunt around the park. Before beginning, Chuck simply dropped his pants, instantly killing the squirrel and 3 small children. Chuck knows you can't find bigger, better nuts than that.
Around the year 1956 in Texas, Chuck Norris ate so much steak that it immediately caused world hunger. He then staged a great cattle drive across the nation in order to supply the Texas steakhouse with enough beef for his next meal.
Artificial insemination was invented when, during an intense and vigorous masturbation session, Chuck Norris' high velocity ejaculate penetrated a woman's vagina from a quarter of a mile away.  
Art imitates life. Life imitates Chuck Norris. Badly.
As a baby, Chuck Norris ate nails and staples. 
As a baby, Chuck Norris could fit the square pegs in the circular holes.
As a child, Chuck Norris deiced to create a small building one day out of Texas dirt and his saliva. The Alamo would be faithfully remembered as the fort Chuck Norris built from that day forward.
As a child, Chuck Norris enjoyed long walks on the beach, particularly Iwo Jima and Normandy.
As a child, Chuck Norris' favorite activity in art class was to Dot the Connects. His teacher never questioned him.
As a child, Chuck Norris' favorite toy was his Sit 'n Spin. It is not a coincidence that his hometown of Ryan, Oklahoma is located almost exactly in the middle of what is now known as Tornado Alley.
As a child, Chuck Norris' friends played hide and seek. Chuck Norris played hide and kill.
As a child Chuck Norris had a doll he named after himself and trained to kill. Years later the doll was captured and featered in its own horror film, "Chucky".
As a child, Chuck Norris molested Catholic preists. In retaliation, they have been molesting young boys ever since.
As a child, Chuck Norris once had a pet iguana. While suffering from a brief cold, he sneezed on the reptile, knocking it unconscious. Assuming it dead, Chuck flushed it down the toilet. Two months later, the creature known as Godzilla emerged from the sea to decimate the city of Tokyo.
As a child, Chuck Norris played Hungry Hungry Hippos with real hippos.
As a child Chuck Norris was known throughout Texas for his increadible roundhouse kicking ability. Subsequently Chuck was recruited relentlessly by area soccer coaches. At the end of his first game The Chuck recorded 21 hat tricks. When told every game ends in a tie. The Chuck gave a roundhouse kick across the refs forehead and stole the opposing teams juice boxes. Chuck Norris Always Wins.
As a kid, Chuck Norris would always get picked last for the soccer team because all he would do is roundhouse kick the ball.
As a poor college student, Chuck Norris went to the local sperm bank to make some quick cash.  He retired later that day.
As a seven year old, Chuck Norris' Mom once told him to go and dig to China. He left and returned three weeks later with a 2nd degree black belt in Tae Kwon Do.
As a teenager, Chuck Norris had the beginnings of a receding hairline. Chuck's beard, being ever so perceptive, noticed this and cloned itself allowing the cloned beard to crawl to the balding area in order to make Chuck's hair as thick and lush as ever.
As a teen, Chuck Norris actually masturbated until he went blind. He then proceeded to masturbate until he could see again.
As a teen Chuck Norris impregnated every nun in a convent tucked away in the hills of Tuscany.  Nine months later the nuns gave birth to the 1972 Miami Dolphins, the only undefeated and untied team in professional football history.
As a young boy Chuck Norris molested 426 catholic priests.
As a young boy, Chuck Norris never would beat up other kids at school and take their lunch money. He would just beat them up.
As a young child Chuck Norris and his school yard friends enjoyed an occasional game of "Hungry Hungry Hippo", with real Hippopotamuses.
As a young lad, Chuck Norris' parents warned him of household toxins that little Chuck should avoid.  Proving his superior wit and strength, Chuch then shattered a thermometer and drank the mercury, ate a handful of lead-filled paint chips, and chased it all down with a shot of Clorox.  Disappointed in his parents, Chuck roundhoused his dad, and then ripped off his mother's left hand and bitch slapped her with it.  How dare they patronize Chuck Norris!
As a youngster, Chuck Norris promised himself he wouldn't cry. Last year, his beloved mother died and a single tear fell out of his eye and down his cheek. He immediately roundhouse kicked himself for breaking his promise.
A set of human teeth encased in glass adorn Chuck Norris' fireplace mantel. A nice gold insignia plate beneath it reads, "George Foreman's Grill."
A single drop of Chuck Norris's blood could cure every disease. However, man has not discoverd a needle sharp enough to puncture his skin.
Ask not what Chuck Norris will do for a Klondike bar, ask what the Klondike bar will do for Chuck Norris.
As legend would have it, just like his trusty Dodge Ram, Chuck is also powered by a 5.7L V8 hemi engine.
A solar eclipse is a sign that Chuck Norris won a staring contest against the sun... again.
A solar eclipse is the result of the sun accidentally making eye contact with Chuck Norris.
As part of a social awareness campaign, Chuck Norris battled racism. He won, and though he jump-kicked racism right over the edge of a cliff, racism managed to survive. He's been holding back and biding his time for another chance at Norris.
As part of his greatest gift to mankind, Chuck Norris is currently in the process of writing "Hammer Time!" under every stop sign in the universe.
Asperger's Syndrome is a mild form of autism. However, Chuck Norris changed the usage of this term upon grinding the asses of his victims into human "ass burgers".
A statistician followed Chuck Norris around the nation for one year and found that 89 percent of deaths caused by Chuck occur between the hours of 4 and 5 PM. This phenomenon is known by all as "Happy Hour".
As the initial choice for the role of Jesus in the movie, "The Passion of the Christ", Chuck Norris decided that the torture would use real props and the crucifixion would be real to "capture the moment".  Mel Gibson was forced to recast the role after repeated attempts to kill Chuck Norris on the cross failed.
A sumo wrestler is a person hiding from Chuck Norris behind their own fat.
As well as being an actor, martial artist, and poet, Chuck Norris is also a world renowned physicist. It was in this capacity that he once had a disagreement about steady-state theory with Stephen Hawking. Hence the Wheelchair.
At 3:37pm every day, Tokyo has a one minute seven second silence to honour Chuck Norris.
At a frat party Chuck Norris once drank a wine cooler. He immediatley threw up due to the extreme femininity of the drink. Another party goer quickly collected his vomit and sold it years later, we know this today as Jack Daniels.
At age 8, Chuck Norris became the first and only child ever permitted to sit in the emergency exit row of an airplane. When asked by the flight attendant if he would be able to perform the necessary duties during an emergency, Chuck Norris simply smirked and proceeded to have sex with the entire flight crew, inaugurating what we now know as the Mile High Club.
At a massage parlor, Chuck Norris once requested that his scrotum be rubbed as well.  The poor woman giving his massage had to find 18 other women for his left testicle alone.
At a RedSox game in 1962, Chuck Norris asked a Hot Dog vendor for a steak, when he replied \"we only sell hot dogs.\" Chuck Norris gave him a round house kick so hard, the force sent a chain reaction through the bleachers causing a phenomenon which we know today as \"The Wave\".
At birth, Chuck Norris came out feet first so he could roundhouse kick the doctor in the face. Nobody delivers Chuck Norris but Chuck Norris
A teenage girl recently asked Chuck Norris what he was going to do with all that junk inside his trunk. He then proceeded to roundhouse kick her in the ovaries, and caused the abortion of all fetuses worldwide.
Athletes are great. Chuck Norris is great. Therefore all athletes are Chuck Norris.
At horror movies, when Chuck Norris yells at the characters to not go into that room, they do not go into that room.
At night Chuck Norris sleeps with one eye open and a 9mm pistol strapped to his penis for emergencies.
A train engineer once stopped to ask Chuck where the roundhouse was.  He died in .4 seconds.
A Tsunami is water fleeing from Chuck Norris.
At the age of 20, Chuck Norris wrote The Great American Novel but never published it. Instead he kidnapped Ernest Hemingway, hog tied him, and made him eat every page to prove that Hemingway was a pussy.
At the age of 7 while learning to play the trumpet, Chuck Norris misplayed a note. Jazz was created that day.  
At the beach, many children try to dig a hole to China. When Chuck Norris goes to the beach, he digs a hole to the sun.
At the end of each week, Chuck Norris murders a dozen white people just to prove he isn't a racist.
At the end of Harry Potter's final book, Chuck Norris kills Voldemort with a roundhouse kick to the head. There, I just saved you 8 hours of reading.
At the end of the bible, Jesus Christ, predicting the birth of Chuck Norris, promptly ascended straight to heaven.
At the end of the cold war, one of the Soviets key stipulations of the Nuclear disarmament treaty was that Chuck Norris would never leave the 48 contiguous states.
At the start of every summer, Chuck Norris begins practicing his roundhouse kicks outside. We know this as hurricane season.
At this very moment, there is a 50/50 chance that Chuck Norris is boning your sister.
At Toys "R" Us, Barbie and the Chuck Norris actions figures must be at least eight aisles apart by law. After all, it is a children's store.
A unicorn once kicked Chuck Norris. That is why they no longer exist.
A vampire once bit Chuck Norris. Twelve hours later the vampire became Chuck Norris.
A vampire tried to bite Chuck Norris and chipped a tooth. A werewolf tried to bite Chuck Norris and choked to death on Norris' skin cells flaking off. Needless to say, Norris has never lost any blood, ever.
A variation in concept of the movie "Face-Off", Chuck Norris can rip the face and the ass off of his victims and reattach them in opposing places on the victim's body.
Aviator sunglasses were invented to shield the sun from Chuck Norris' eyes.
A waiter asked Chuck Norris what he would be eating that night. Chuck Norris replied "Do you serve souls?" The waiter merely chuckled, then every patron and employee in the restaurant simultaneously hung themselves.
A waitress at a Western Sizzler accidentally gave Chuck Norris a well-done steak instead of a rare steak. Chuck proceeded to have sex with her on the table and said "Now that's well-done!" The waitress replied "That's pretty rare too!" Chuck proceeded to have sex with her 15 more times just to prove her wrong.
A woman once claimed to be pregnant with Chuck Norris' child.  Chuck rubbed his beard on her belly, and two weeks later she urinated an aborted fetus along with the first season DVD of Walker, Texas Ranger.
A woman who once gave Chuck Norris a blow job died of tetanus.
A women once crawled through a field of barbed wire and razor blades just to hear Chuck Norris fart through a walkie talkie.
A young boy was in a spelling bee. The judge asked him to spell the word "massacre". The boy spelled the word C-H-U-C-K- -N-O-R-R-I-S and automatically received first place. After the bee, he was raped by Chuck Norris because he hadn't said the "S" in "Norris" good enough.
A young girl once asked Chuck Norris if he would like a lick of her ice cream cone. He roundhouse kicked her out of the way and devoured the frozen treat in one bite without getting an ice cream headache.
Babies don't cry when they are born because a doctor slaps them on their butt. They cry because every baby is born with the innate fear of the fact that Chuck Norris still roams the Earth.
Back in '86, Chuck Norris ran across Canada using only his right arm. Chuck isn't too impressed with Terry Fox and his accomplishments.
Back in highschool, Chuck Norris was the QB of his football team. In the last game of the season, Chuck through an interception. As the opponent was returning the ball Chuck gave him a roundhouse kick and knocked his head off. Instead of picking up the ball, he picked up his opponents head and punted it through the up-rights.
Back in his high school days, they called Chuck Norris "the dictionary." This was not because he was smart, but he liked to walk around with his shirt off and say, "Check out this definition," and flex his muscles. Any girl who laid eyes on him immediately spontaneously combusted in an orgasm that reached 7 on the richter scale. By the end of his freshman year, Chuck Norris' high school was an all boys school.
Back in the '30s, there was a lot of controversy because Chuck Norris was the first black woman to refuse to sit at the back of the bus. He roundhouse kicked every white person in sight, and now he sits wherever the fuck he wants to.
Back in the 60's Chuck Norris was vacationing in Dallas and killed some important government guy by accident while masturbating on a grassy knoll.
Back in the late 80s Chuck Norris took a leak on the Berlin Wall. The resulting corrosion was so bad that the townsfolk decided to tear the wall down.
Banana peels slip and fall when they see Chuck Norris.
Bandwagons jump on Chuck Norris.
Bank of America is serving a life sentence for attempting to rob Chuck Norris. The bank claimed that the account Chuck was trying to withdrawal from didn't exist. Despite the obvious monetary documents, cameras, software, witnesses, and high paid lawyers, the court has ruled in favor of Chuck Norris who spent his court day at the lake drinking beer and fishing.
Barry Bonds is under investigation by Major League Baseball because his blood test returned with traces of Chuck Norris' urine.
Batman collects Chuck Norris action figures.
Batman's alter ego is Chuck Norris.
Bears teach their cubs that if they ever see chuck Norris in the woods to stop, fall on the ground, and play dead.
Because Chuck Norris hates them, Emo kids attempt to kill themselves to escape his wrath.
Because of all Chuck Norris' casualties, the next edition of Webster's dictionary will include the new word "Norricide".  It's definition? "The systematic and planned extermination of an entire national, racial, political, or ethnic group solely using roundhouse kicks".
Because of Chuck Norris' sheer amazingness, there has only been one woman brave enough to try and make love to Chuck Norris with the light on.  Her name was Terry Schiavo.
Because of his love for the environment, Chuck Norris doesn't run his vehicles on fossil fuels, but instead heats live cats to 600 degrees Fahrenheit, then uses the remains as a potent bio-fuel. Norris claims he averages 40 miles to a cat.
Beelzebub has a devil put aside for Chuck Norris.
Before bed, Chuck Norris uses a bottle of scotch as mouthwash. Not just any scotch, mind you, but special scotch made from the tears of the widows of his victims.
Before Chuck Norris, it used to take the Earth 365 days to revolve around the sun. Then in the fall of 1976, Chuck Norris performed a roundhouse kick so powerful, the shockwave caused the Earth to slow and since then it now takes the Earth 365 and 1/4 days to revolve around the sun. Chuck Norris is the reason we recognize leap years.
Before Chuck Norris shoots a scene for "Walker, Texas Ranger", he eats two bowls of Cheerios garnished with Cocaine.
Before Chuck Norris was born, people only cried out of happiness.
Before Chuck Norris was born, the martial arts weapons with two pieces of wood connected by a chain were called NunBarrys. No one ever did find out what happened to Barry.
Before each filming of Walker: Texas Ranger, Chuck Norris is injected with five times the lethal dose of elephant tranquilzer. This is, of course, to limit his strength and mobility, in an attempt to lower the fatality rate of the actors he fights.
Before e-mail was invented, Chuck Norris used to attach messages to kittens and roundhouse kick them to their destinations.
Before filming Missing in Action II, Chuck Norris invented mathematics, so they could complete the title.
Before he goes on stage, Chuck Norris breaks someone's leg to give himself good luck.
Before he visits anywhere, international law dictates that Chuck Norris must inform the area's inhabitants at least seven days before his arrival. The necessary funeral arrangements can then be made.
Before the invention of sliced bread, people used to say that something was the greatest invention since Chuck Norris. Chuck Norris already knew this and got tired of hearing people say this. So Chuck Norris roadhouse kicked every loaf of bread in the world, therein inventing sliced bread to take the burden off his name.
Before the Osbournes a reality TV show was made on the life of Chuck Norris.  After 300 hours of filming it was deemed impossible to edit it down to 30 minutes of footage that the world was ready to see.  Over 40 editing staff died of unexplained causes.  The movie, "The Ring", is loosely based on these events. 
Before the U.S. bombed Hiroshima and Nagasaki with the first nuclear bomb, they had expiremented with using a warhead filled with Chuck Norris semen. After tests, they abandoned plans to make the Norris bomb because it was just too powerful and would have wiped out over 80% of Asia.
Before you die you see the ring...on Chuck Norris' right hand.
Being "On Fire" in NBA Jam was originally secret character Chuck Norris' weakest state.
Ben and Jerry's was recently forced to pull their new flavor, "Chuck Norris' Roundhouse Swirl", from shelves following a slew of complaints from parents. The ice cream was blood red, and contained pieces of small children and rusty nails.
Beneath Chuck Norris's beard is another fist.
Bethany Hamilton once said that Chuck Norris' bark was bigger than his bite. He showed the shit out of her. (Google her if you don't know what fucking happened.)
Beyond contrary belief, the time era most often referred to as "B.C" is not really pronunciations for "Before Christ". It's actually "Before Chuck". This was altered by scientist because the sheer thought of someone of Chuck Norris' calibur knowing to exist would end all reasoning.
Bigfoot does exist, he's just hiding because he cut off the Chuck Norris at an intersection.
Bigfoot has a grainy 'Chuck Norris' video.
Bigfoot is a piece of Chuck Norris' beard that gained sentience and escaped.
Bill Clinton didn't sleep with that woman. Chuck Norris did. But hey, someone had to take the blame.
Bill Clinton uses Chuck Norris for Sex advice.
Bill Gates is Chuck Norris's butler.
Bill Gates lives in constant fear that Chuck Norris' PC will crash.
Bill Gates once wagered Microsoft that Chuck Norris couldn't crash Windows Vista. Accepting this wager, Chuck Norris proceeded to load a Walker Texas Ranger DVD into the drive. Overloaded with its sheer awesomeness, Vista returned the message "All your base are belong to us". Microsoft remains under Bill's name for tax purposes.
Biologically, Chuck Norris is his own step-father.
Birds are nature's desperate attempt to escape from Chuck Norris.
Black belts are only black because that is the color of Chuck Norris' stool.
Black holes are actually formed when Chuck Norris crumples a beer can. Red Dwarfs are a result of him spitting out his chewing gum.
Black holes are thought to only mangle the information about objects that are consumed by them. Chuck Norris obliterates all information pertaining to anything that angers him. Chuck Norris 1, black holes 0.
Black holes do not affect Chuck Norris...they know better.
Black holes don't bend space-time, they merely reflect the places where Chuck Norris has roundhouse kicked space-time.
Blitzkreig actually translates to "Hail Chuck Norris" in German.
Blitzkrieg is the German word for Chuck Norris.
Blonde jokes were originally supposed to be redhead jokes, but then Chuck Norris was born.
Booze gains alcohol content after passing through Chuck Norris.
Boris Yeltsin has always known that Chuck hates commies.Its proven by the fact that Chuck Norris rhymes with Fuck Boris.
Bowling is actually a sport derived from when Chuck Norris accidentally roundhouse kicked himself in the testicles and one broke free. In a fit of rage he threw it at a nearby forest creating our modern logging industry as well.
Brad Pitt only starting dating Angelina Jolie because Chuck Norris turned him down.
Brawny Paper Towels originally intended Chuck Norris to be their spokesman. They decided against it, however, because their product could not handle Chuck Norris's messes.
Brett Favre can throw a football over 50 yards. Chuck Norris can throw Brett Favre even further.
Brick shithouses are built like Chuck Norris.
"Brillo" pads are made from Chuck Norris' pubic hair.
Brokeback Mountain is actually the name for the burial site of all the women Chuck Norris has had sex with.
Brokeback Mountain is where Chuck Norris actually breaks peoples backs.
Bruce Lee never died while filming "Game of Death" with Chuck Norris. The true cause of his disappearance is that Bruce Lee asked Chuck Norris to teach him how to perform a roundhouse kick. Being good friends, Chuck Norris promised to teach him, but only after Bruce Lee embarked on an epic journey of the spirit, that is still taking place entirely within Chuck Norris' beard.
Bruce Lee once kicked Chuck Norris in the crotch. One tear and one tear only fell from Chuck Norris' eye creating the oceans of the world. From these oceans all life as we know it, sprung forth.
Bruce Lee's death (brain swelling) was directly related to Chuck Norris recieving second place to him in a martial arts contest. Coincidence? Norris doesn't think so.
Bruce Lee will challenge Chuck Norris to a matial arts battle to prove that Chuck Norris is over-rated. When the match begins Lee will point out that Chuch Norris has only one move, "the roundhouse kick". Chuch Norris will then spend the next three minutes removing his boot from Lee's face.
Bruce Springsteen once said, "You cant start a fire without a spark." Chuck Norris can.
Buddhism was created when someone saw Chuck Norris when he put on a little weight. That is why the creator of Buddhism is dead.
Bulletproof vests are actually woven from Chuck Norris' beard trimmings.
Bulletproof vests are completely filled with fibers of Chuck Norris' beard.
Bullets dodge Chuck Norris.
Bush denies global warming because Chuck Norris does.
By Presidential decree, everytime Chuck Norris touches up his beard the trimmings are gathered and buried at Arlington Cemetary with full honors.
By the time Chuck Norris has finished shaving his beard has grown back.
By the time you finish reading this sentence, Ditech will have lost 4,217 more to Chuck Norris.
Caesar's real last words were, "Et tu, Chuck Norris..."
California road kill is actually the result of Chuck Norris roundhouse kicking a possum in China.
Calista Flockhart weighed 367 pounds until she tasted Chuck Norris' semen. In the 16 years since that incident, she has refused to eat, saying that all food is disgusting in comparison.
Canada's National anthem is based on Chuck Norris' original skating routine music.
Cancer is actually the body's response to the existence of Chuck Norris. Having no way to defend itself, the body instead tries to shut down before an encounter with Chuck Norris can occur.
Capital expenditures in the corporate world are down these days. Not because of the economy, but because Chuck Norris is vacationing from blowing shit up.
Captain Planet doesn't enjoy having a mullet, it's just that Chuck Norris has threatened to kill him should he ever try to change his hair style.
Captain Planet is Chuck Norris' personal gardener.
Cars were invented to have a faster way of fleeing from Chuck Norris. Not to be outdone, Chuck Norris invented the car accident.
Catholics believe that when the Pope speaks, he speaks the Word of God. This is because the Pope is friends with Chuck Norris, and God doesn't fuck with Chuck Norris.
Cats are actually given 10 lives. Upset by this, Chuck Norris vowed no animal will have 10 lives and to this day roundhouse kicks every kitten upon birth, leaving them with only 9 lives.
Champions are the breakfast of Chuck Norris.
Charles Darwin based his "survival of the fittest" theory on Chuck Norris.
“Charles in Charge” was cancelled because as Chuck Norris pointed out, only he is in charge. Coincidently, Scott Baio has not been heard of since.
Chcuk Norris got a perfect score on his SAT's, simply by writing Chuck Norris for every answer.
Chcuk Norris is the only male human to give birth. His only child; Vin Diesel.
Che Guevara wore a T-Shirt with a picture of Chuck Norris on it.
Cher's last name was "Shit". Chuck Norris hit her so hard that she ditched her last name. This is where "Beating the shit" out of someone comes from.
Children get over their fear of the Bogeyman, but the smart ones will always fear Chuck Norris.
Chinese women gargle a mixture of panther blood and Chuck Norris's pubic hair to insure that they conceive male children.
Christopher Reeve actually was superman until he met Chuck Norris and challenged him to a staring contest.
Christopher Reeve didn't fall off that horse. Chuck Norris hates superman.
Christopher Reeve said he fell off a horse because he didn't want to admit Chuck Norris paralyzed him with a roundhouse kick.
Christopher Reeves wasn't riding a horse when he was paralyzed. He tried to shake Chuck Norris' hand. The infusion of the Holy Ghost, Beard, and Chuck Norris Man Musk twisted Reeves' neck into numerous contortions until it snapped. Then Chuck transformed into a Black Stallion, carried him to the nearest hospital, and roundhouse kicked him into a dumpster because he wasn't really Superman
Christopher Reeve was one of the few to survive an encounter with Chuck Norris.
Christopher Walken kept a watch up his ass for 4 years. Chuck Norris kept Christopher Walken up his ass for 12.
Chuch Norris' previous occupation was the Angel of Death, but he didn't like working behind the scenes.
Chuck actually drew first blood. Then he kicked the shit out of all the week-end warriors before turning Rambo into Patrick from the SpongeBob Squarepants show with a well-placed roundhouse kick to the headband.
Chuck can reverse his eyeballs 180 degrees allowing him to see inside his own brain, thus rendering his opponent useless as he can anticipate any possible attack scenarios.
Chuck completed a Cooper test in 5 minutes.
Chuck decided to take a day off once, so he created the koala to keep things in check while he was away. Hence the koala is the most viscious and dangerous creature in existence. Do not let the cuddly outside fool you.
Chuck doesn't watch Maury because he already knows who the father is.  Especially the bearded ones.
"Chuck E. Cheese's" was originally named "Chuck Norris's," but after one too many children died in roundhouse-related incidencts, management decided to take the franchise in a new direction.  
Chuck formed the La Brea tar pits after a weekend of bad chili and dark beer.
Chuck has 5 letters. Norris has 6. When placed together we get 56. 1956 was the year of the first airborn nuclear test. Coincidence? I think not.
Chuck has been fed, and, for now, there is peace...<br />
Chuck heard about the movie "Cats Don't Dance" so he promptly skinned a cat alive, wore its skin, and performed "Jesus Christ Superstar" on Broadway.
Chuck keeps tryin' to donate sperm, but the receptionist keeps getting pregnant.
Chuck Lidell once challenged Chuck Norris to a match. The so called "Battle of the Chucks" ended that instant as Lidell crumpled to the ground, all his bones having been pulverized by the shaking of his own body's fear based reaction.
Chuck likes his meat so rare that he only eats unicorns.
Chuck Noris' famous slowmo rounndhouse kick isn't actually slow mition at all. Due to his amazing muscle control developed throughdaily kagel excercises, Chuck Noris can litterally squeeze air with his butt muscles, thus suspending him on a jet stream of air. The fact that his opponents and surroundings all seem to be in slow motion as well is merely a mirage formed by the vapour trail.
Chuck Noris fought the law.<br />
Chuck Noris's chest hair has chest hair.
Chuck Noris' sperm does not make babies, it kills babies.
Chuck Noris will know at least 14 ways of killing you without leaving his seat, irrespective of where you are in the world.
Chuck Norria hates terrorism, but ironically only his death will stop it. No one would blow up himself for 7e loosened pussies.
Chuck Norris' 10 inches is all the more remarkable due to his well-documented use of hexadecimal notation.
Chuck Norris abolished slavery then blinded Stevey Wonder.
Chuck Norris accepted Rachel's Challenge not because he cares about people, but because he can never turn down a challenge.
Chuck Norris' account is the biggest account that the body bag company has.
Chuck Norris accounts for more than 90% of all the penis in the world.
Chuck Norris aced a blood test.
Chuck Norris' action figure has 3 modes - Kill, Fuck, and Off.
Chuck Norris action figures have been banned in the United States and Mexico due to roundhouse action related eye loss in children.
Chuck Norris actually auditioned for the part of Jerry Seinfeld's neighbor in the hit TV show.  But the improvised scene where Chuck put a bag full of live rats over Jerry's head as a gag didn't test very well with the audience.  
Chuck Norris actually died in 1986, but Heaven didn't want him since he was known to rip the wings of angels.
Chuck Norris actually has a gravitational pull comparable to that of the Earth. We're all just too terrified to get any closer.
Chuck Norris actually has nine penises, but only one is attached to his body. Eight of them float around independently doing what they will.
Chuck Norris actually invented peanut butter, but while in transit to the patent office, George Washington Carver knocked him unconscious with the aid of chloroform and stole his patent. For revenge, Chuck Norris threw 7 freight trains on top of George Washington Carver. He died from this.
Chuck Norris actually invented the "Sonic Boom". Capcom thought it was so awesome that they used him as the basis for the Street Fighter character Guile.
Chuck Norris actually played every position during every game of the Miami Dolphins 1972 undefeated season. You may ask yourself then why did the New England Patriots come so close to perfection but come up short in the end? Simple, Chuck Norris became a little too distracted "Bundchen-ing" Tom Brady's girlfriend. Right before the Patriots seemingly were about to equal Chuck Norris' feat, he took a break from Gisele and secretly possessed Eli Manning to engineer the game winning drive.
Chuck Norris actually sang the Walker: Texas Ranger theme song.  This is not a joke.  He actually fucking sang it. Non-believers look it up.
Chuck Norris actually speaks three languages: English, Pain, and Death. He is currently working on a fourth language, Dismemberment, and is doing quite well.
Chuck Norris actually started the Vietnam war just so he could end it.
Chuck Norris actually stole the cookie from the cookie jar, then roundhouse kicked anyone who questioned his integrity
Chuck Norris actually submits 90% of the facts on this site. He feels it important to be honest with his fans. 
Chuck Norris' advice? Grow a beard.
Chuck Norris agreed to be a guest on The View, only to finally get his chance to make Barbara Walters cry.
Chuck Norris' alarm clock plays Billy Joel's "We Didn't Start the Fire" every morning at 7 am. Its not because he likes the song. It infuriates him, because Chuck Norris does indeed know that they started that fire, and they will pay.  
Chuck Norris allowed Bob Saget to believe he had been beaten in a bar fight in order to lull him into a false sense of security, just one part of his many phase plan. What phase was this you ask? The lulling phase.
Chuck Norris allowed Bruce Lee to appear to win in Return of the Dragon but Chuck became angry when Lee pulled his chest hair and punched Lee so hard that he "mysteriously" died a few years later.
Chuck Norris always gets a second helping of peanuts on an airplane. Always.
Chuck Norris always gets blackjack. Even when he's playing poker.
Chuck Norris always gives it, never receives it, when in prison.
Chuck Norris always had a heated rivalry with Bruce Lee. When Lee died, they had unfinished business, so Chuck Norris enlisted the aid of Jonathon Silverman and Andrew McCarthy to work as Marionettes and prop up Lee's lifeless corpse so Chuck could get one last Roundhouse Kick in.
Chuck Norris always has sex on the first date. Always.
Chuck Norris always has sex on the first date. Always. The only time he didn't, the Holocaust happened.
Chuck Norris always has the conch. Always.
Chuck Norris always has the right of way.
Chuck Norris always keeps a Werther's Original in his jean pocket... For the kids.
Chuck Norris always knows where and in what time period Carmen Sandiego is.
Chuck Norris always leaves the toilet seat up.
Chuck Norris always remembers to rape and pillage before he burns.
Chuck Norris always stands out in a crowd, because he's always the only one left standing.
Chuck Norris always throws rock, if you throw paper you get his rock in your face.
Chuck Norris always wins at Monopoly, though he only buys the railroads.
Chuck Norris always wins Connect Four in six turns or less.
Chuck Norris amazed scientists by breaking a diamond with a roundhouse kick. The amazement only lasted one second because awesomeness of the roundhouse kick caused the scientists to shit out their brains.
Chuck Norris and Adolph Hitler used to be best friends.Then Chuck Norris left Hitler for a Jewish girl. The rest is history.<br />
Chuck Norris and Conan O'Brien are great friends. For Conan's 30th birthday, Chuck Norris gave him a wig made out of his beard hair. The wig ended up fusing with is scalp. Because of this, Conan will never age or die.
Chuck Norris and Dick Cheney have joined forces to make the ultimate killing combo. Norris roundhouse kicks people and Dick Cheney shoots lawyers.
Chuck Norris and Dick Cheney once went hunting. There were no survivors.
Chuck Norris and God go way back. They served in 'Nam together, Chuck saved God's ass by taking 84 bullets in the groin, abdomen, and chest Of course Chuck didn't do this to save God, bullets to him are like food to us, it fuels him, he subsequently used his penis to torch 'Nam and was back in time for tea, which for Chuck Norris is 20 bullets in the back.
Chuck Norris and God once shared a high-five. The wind that was created caused Hurricane Katrina.
Chuck Norris and Hannibal Lecter are similar, the only difference being that Norris forces his victims to eat themselves.
Chuck Norris and Mr.T once had a 72 hour staring contest. It was so suspenseful that the planet crapped itself and created Australia.
Chuck Norris and Snoop Dogg once had a free style rap battle so awsome that people now celebrate the holiday Easter to remember the day.
Chuck Norris and Steven Seagal are secretly married. Norris wears the pants.
Chuck Norris and the Dalai Lama combined to become the perfect human being, and the Dalai Lama.
Chuck Norris and the Duck-billed Platypus are the only two species of mammals who are capable of laying eggs.
Chuck Norris and Uma Thurman are making a new movie titled "Kill Bill...and Jim and Eric and Mike and Everett and Jessie and Sarah and Ron and Meghan and Kaci and Georgi and Chris and..."
Chuck Norris, angered by not being able to shoot the dog in the beginning of Duck Hunt, roundhouse kicked the air in front of his TV gently. Not only did the dog proceed to explode, but his TV, Nintendo, coffee maker, dish soap, wife, his 3 dogs, and a star 4 million light years from earth followed suit
Chuck Norris appeared briefly on the Apprentice. When he was being fired by Donald Trump, Norris cut him off by saying, "Shut your cocksucker" and roundhouse kicked him in the throat.
Chuck Norris appeared in an uncredited role in the film Bambi. He was the hunter who killed Bambi's mom. He originally wanted to kill her with a roundhouse kick to the face, but the director changed it to a gunshot, and Chuck refused to have his name associated with the movie. Thus losing his best shot at an Oscar.
Chuck Norris appeared in the movie Pearl Harbor in a cameo role as a palm tree. An ass-kicking, fire-breathing palm tree. Most of his scenes were cut, due to time and credibility restraints, since nobody could believe that Chuck could be within 500 yards of Ben Affleck without doing him serious bodily harm.
Chuck Norris appeared in the "Street Fighter II" video game, but was removed by Beta Testers because every button caused him to do a roundhouse kick.  When asked bout this "glitch," Norris replied, "That's no glitch."
Chuck Norris appeared on Oprah and, like Tom Cruise, started to jump up and down repeatedly on the couch. This extraordinary amount of force caused an implosion in the studio which led to the demise of two hundred housewives.
Chuck Norris, a priest, and a rabbi walked into a bar. They both got their asses roundhouse kicked.
Chuck Norris' arch-enemy used his stealth mode ability to hide from Chuck Norris in New Orleans. Subsequently, Chuck Norris created Hurricane Katrina to flood the bitch out.
Chuck Norris' arm are holding the entire universe together.
Chuck Norris assassinated Jack Ruby.
Chuck Norris ate 1,000 Al-Qaeda terrorists. After two months he shit out Syria.
Chuck Norris ate an entire box of Alpha-Bits and shat out the entire works of Edgar Allen Poe.
Chuck Norris ate an Intel chip and shit out a Mac, an iPod, and Steve Jobs.
Chuck Norris ate Bill Cosby and still had room for Jell-O.
Chuck Norris ate Kirby and acquired his abilities, then calmly stated, "Suck it."
Chuck Norris ate Mike Tyson's children.
Chuck Norris ate the last piece of pizza. What are you gonna do about it?
Chuck Norris at one time worked for General Mills. His job was to be in the presence of the marshmallows so that they would truely become lucky charms.
Chuck Norris attempted to make his own world, but he sneezed right after the words "let there be" and terrorism was created.
Chuck Norris attempted to round house kick an apple off of William Tells' head and ended up breaking his skull 46 times. He said it was an accident, but we all know the truth.
Chuck Norris attends Spring Break every year because where there's drinking, there's fighting, where there's fighting, there's kicking, and where there's kicking, there's Chuck.
Chuck Norris attributes his athletic ability and toughness to the teasing he endured due to his birthname:  Chuckleberry.  He also... (Editor's Note:  The writer could not finish due to a roundhouse kick to the ear by a blonde and brown blur that appeared to be Chuckleberry Nor...)
Chuck Norris auditioned for the lead role in the origional 'Shaft', but was told he "wasn't black enough". In retaliation, he killed Martin Luther King jr.
Chuck Norris auditioned for the part of "Rocky" and almost won the role, but he kept killing his opponents.
Chuck Norris auditioned for the role of Albus Dumbledore for the movie "Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban".<br />
Chuck Norris' autobiography "Against All Odds" is actually the story of another man named Chuck Norris that was lucky enough not be killed by the real Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris' bag of animal crackers consists of real animals.
Chuck Norris' balls really are brass.
Chuck Norris' ball sweat is an acid so potent, the only things that can withstand it are Chuck Norris' balls.
Chuck Norris' barber needs to use a blow torch and the jaws of life to trim his beard.
Chuck Norris bathes in volcanoes.
Chuck Norris' battle cry is, "Naaaaachoooooooooooo!!!!"
Chuck Norris' beard and nail clippings are considered hazardous to mere humans and are stored in casks usually reserved for atomic waste.  Since the atomic waste feels inferior to the power of the "Norris Waste", it is kept at a separate, and less guarded, facility at an undisclosed location.
Chuck Norris' beard can beat Super Mario Bros. in under 3 minutes.
Chuck Norris' beard can read braille. 
Chuck Norris' beard can receive sonar. He will often refer to bats as, "My little winged friends."
Chuck Norris' beard conquered Poland three times. 
Chuck Norris' beard contains the meaning of life.
Chuck Norris' beard devours small children.
Chuck Norris' beard hair, much like tiger penis and deer antler, is believed to be an aphrodesiac in China.
Chuck Norris' beard has a representative in Congress.
Chuck Norris' beard has natives.
Chuck Norris' beard has three Superbowl rings.
Chuck Norris' beard hit .370 in the minors before hurting its knee.
Chuck Norris' beard is a better adhesive than duct tape.
Chuck Norris' beard is about 30 seconds older than he is.
Chuck Norris' beard is actually a time travelling symbiotesymbiote sent back in time to kill Chuck, but failed and was forced by Chuck to forever be his face decoration.
Chuck Norris' beard is actually composed of all 118 elements of the periodic table.
Chuck Norris' beard is actually made of Velcro. He uses it to trap low flying bats.
Chuck Norris' beard is coarser than 40-grit sandpaper. He occasionally uses it to buff out rust bubbles on his 1974 Ford Econoline.
Chuck Norris' beard isn't hair. It is actually solidified testosterone.
Chuck Norris' beard is stolen from the head of Vin Diesel. When Vin Diesel demanded that Chuck Norris return his hair, Chuck scowled, walked away, and returned with Vin Diesel's wife in his arms. He then proceeded to beat the shit out of Vin Diesel with his own wife.
Chuck Norris’ beard is the Devil’s Playground. His favorite ride – the tire swing.
Chuck Norris' beard is the eighth wonder of the world.
Chuck Norris' beard is the hardest substance known to man, followed closely by Chuck Norris' flexed biceps.
Chuck Norris' beard is the inspiration for modern day steel wool.
Chuck Norris' beard is the only man made object that can be seen from space.
Chuck Norris' beard is the Seventh Wonder of the Ancient World. It destroyed the Hanging Gardens of Babylon and took its rightful place.
Chuck Norris' beard is wanted in seven states for murder.
Chuck Norris' beard once had it's own series on daytime TV. The beard gave advice to quarreling couples on how to resolve their differences. Unfortunately it was axed after the beard advised one man to rip off one of his wife's arms and make her stir his soup PROPERLY.
Chuck Norris' beard, though smaller than that of grizzly Adams, is arguably more impressive because of it's ability to stay on Chuck's chin. Can Grizzley Adams' beard stay on Chuck's chin? No. It cannot.
Chuck Norris' beard trimmings are a source of 7 essential nutrients.
Chuck Norris' beard turns CO2 into O2. The trees are full of shit.
Chuck Norris' beard was the inspiration for the Swiss Army Knife.
Chuck Norris beat Bobby Fischer in chess using only a single pawn.
Chuck Norris beat Halo 2 on Legendary using only the strafe buttons and flashlight.
Chuck Norris beat his dad in a cock fight when he was 12 days old.
Chuck Norris beat IBM's Deep Blue in chess in under 30 seconds, then killed the families of the engineers who designed it because Chuck Norris has no patience for incompetence.
Chuck Norris beat Metroid in two minutes and got the ending where Samus comes out of the TV and gives you a rimjob.
Chuck Norris beat Pac-Man in both senses of the word.
Chuck Norris beats the gallon challenge by staring at the milk until it drinks itself.
Chuck Norris beat Super Mario Bros. 3 in 45 seconds without using the Flute or warp pipes.
Chuck Norris beat the computer from War Games in tic-tac-toe in two moves.
Chuck Norris beat the IBM Big Blue computer at chess in 3 moves. He had only a pawn, the thimble, and a checker.
Chuck Norris beat the original Super Mario Bros. in under 5 minutes using the Power Glove and the Power Pad. When asked about this feat Chuck huffed and said, "Emulators with save states are for pussies."
Chuck Norris beat three opponents at mission Risk using only an infantry piece.
Chuck Norris became an Operating Titan just to mock other Scientologists about the fact that he could really move inanimate objects with his mind.
Chuck Norris became an orphan at the age of four after eating both his parents.
Chuck Norris becomes enraged when his facts are not judged in a timely manner. Of course, to him, 'timely' means nanoseconds.
Chuck Norris becomes infuriated when he sees men cry or frown.  Recently, he has been spotted at funerals, roundhousing grieving men in the face until their mouth is fixed in a cold, emotionless position.  Chuck Norris is a real man, and real men do not react to life.
Chuck Norris began studying martial arts in preparation for his 10th High School reunion, at which he planned to "teach a lesson" to his old flame, Mario Lopez.
Chuck Norris began the Church of England in 1799, back when his nickname was "England".
Chuck Norris believes corporal punishment has no place in our schools. He believes capital punishment would be more effective.
Chuck Norris believes in a clean death, so when he goes hunting, he needs only his handy dandy NES Lightgun.
Chuck Norris believes in Santa. That's the only reason he can deliver presents to everyone in one night.
Chuck Norris believes in the thrill of the hunt, which is why you're still alive... for now.
Chuck Norris believes strongly in ending world hunger. He plans to do this by terminating the populations of all third world countries.
Chuck Norris believes that a flamethrower is an essential part of a well balanced breakfast.
Chuck Norris believes that it's not butter.
Chuck Norris believes there is a heaven and a hell. Too bad he can only take you to one.
Chuck Norris' belly button is an "inny". Inside Chuck's belly button is an alternate universe where thousands of Chuck Norriseseseses are training to get their buddies out of a Viet-Cong P.O.W. camp.
Chuck Norris bemoans the fact the typical American is unaware that Walker Texas Ranger is an unscripted reality show.
Chuck Norris bench presses gravity.
Chuck Norris' birthday is February 30th.
Chuck Norris bleeds anthrax.
Chuck Norris bleeds gasoline. He hasn't bled much lately, and that's why there's a gas crisis.
Chuck Norris blew into a French horn so hard that it turned English.
Chuck Norris blew up the Challenger space shuttle. When asked why he said, "I've never left a challenger alive."
Chuck Norris' Blood Alcohol Level is continously 8.0, but he is always fine to drive.
Chuck Norris' blood can cure world hunger. Now you know why there are starving children.
Chuck Norris' blood is 50% arsenic. The other half is the cure for AIDS.
Chuck Norris' blood releases deadly Cyanide gas when exposed to the air. Luckily this reaction has never be witnessed by human eyes.
Chuck Norris' blood type is D.O.A.
Chuck Norris bobs for pumpkins.
Chuck Norris' body hair is ten times stronger than spider silk and fifty times stickier.
Chuck Norris' body produces methamphetamine instead of adrenalin.
Chuck Norris' body temperature is 98.6 degrees... Celsius.
Chuck Norris' bologna has no first name.
Chuck Norris' bones cannot be broken by anyone except Chuck Norris. Sometimes Chuck breaks his own bones just to show off.
Chuck Norris bought a CD because he thought it stood for Chuck Dominates. When he found out it stood for compact disc, he got pissed and invented the DVD.
Chuck Norris' bowels look like an M.C. Escher painting, and David Bowie lives there.
Chuck Norris' brain is only half the size of a normal human, but he uses 100% of it.  The other half was fitted with a Dr Pepper tap in 1977. Chuck Norris loves Dr Pepper.
Chuck Norris breaks into the Kool-Aid Man's house when he least expects it.
Chuck Norris breastfeeds John Madden.
Chuck Norris breathes pain instead of oxygen.
Chuck Norris breaths in carbon dioxide, and breaths out oxygen.
Chuck Norris breifly played two seasons of minor league baseball for the Austin Ranchers in 1972. He wore a uniform made of denim.
Chuck Norris brings knives to gun fights. He doesn't use them, he just likes the irony.
Chuck Norris broke his own leg, purely for the sake of winning the special olympics.
Chuck Norris' brother Weiland died in Vietnam, Chuck was so upset and angry that he literally turned Vietnam inside out like a sock.
Chuck Norris' brunch usually consists of a block of cheese, a bottle of Aunt Jemima, and three small children.
Chuck Norris brushes his teeth with Napalm.
Chuck Norris' buddy icon is a picture of Tony Danza fellating himself.
Chuck Norris builds all the Home Depots with his bare hands.
Chuck Norris built a time machine and went back in time to stop the JFK assassination. As Oswald shot, Chuck met all three bullets with his beard, deflecting them. JFK's head exploded out of sheer amazement.
Chuck Norris built MacGyver out of a B-cup bra, a mint flavored toothpick and an empty Skittles pack.
Chuck Norris built Rome in a day.
Chuck Norris built Rome in a day - and when he goes there on holidays, he does things exactly opposite to the way the Romans do.
Chuck Norris built Rome in a day. Consequently, all roads lead to Chuck Norris too.
Chuck Norris built the entire continent of Asia in two days using just a spoon and Teen People magazine.
Chuck Norris built the equator to get a leg up on China's "Great Wall."
Chuck Norris built the Panama Canal with one hand.
Chuck Norris built the pyramids as a child in a foolish attempt to reach the moon.
Chuck Norris burned his eyeballs out with cigartettes just to prove to some grade eight students that smoking is dangerous.
Chuck Norris burned the first CD, along with all the dinosaurs and the last of the Mohicans.
Chuck Norris burns DVDs by staring at the TV and holding the DVD in his mouth.
Chuck Norris burnt down his middle school. It was his retaliation to a classmate calling him "Fire crotch."
Chuck Norris buys priceless artifacts and destroys them, because the two things Chuck Norris hates are beauty and history.
Chuck Norris caddied for the Dalai Lama once. Instead of giving him money, the Lama offered Chuck the ability to receieve total conciousness on his death bed. Clearly upset by this offer, Chuck roundhouse kicked him off a 10,000 ft crevasse.
Chuck Norris' calendar goes straight from March 31st to April 2nd; no one fools Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris calls his penis "Little Chuck" because he's a firm believer in irony.
Chuck Norris came up with an idea for the perfect video game character. He was an Italian plumber from who gained special powers from mushrooms and stars.  When he found out that Nintendo had beat him to the punch, Chuck Norris and Mothra destroyed a Nintendo factory.  Then Chuck turned on Mothra and ate him.
Chuck Norris came up with the idea for the Total Gym after trying to bench press his own penis. He found that he needed to start with a lighter weight and work his way up.
Chuck Norris came up with the recipe that The Rock uses.
Chuck Norris can access Wii Channels on his PS3 through Xbox Live.
Chuck Norris can actually force Larry the Cable guy to be funny.
Chuck Norris can actually roundhouse kick you through a telephone
Chuck Norris can arm-pit fart without using his hands.
Chuck Norris can backspace on a typewriter.
Chuck Norris can beat a man to death with his own corpse.
Chuck Norris can beat "Bark at the Moon" in Guitar Hero on Expert with one hand.
Chuck Norris can beat the Harlem Globetrotters.
Chuck Norris can beat up his shadow.
Chuck Norris can beat you at Solitaire.
Chuck Norris CAN be everywhere at once.
Chuck Norris can believe it's not butter.
Chuck Norris can believe it's not butter. And he'll roundhouse kick your ass if you say otherwise.
Chuck Norris can bench-press a Buick. He doesn't like to, though, because it wrecks the transmission. For some reason he has no hesitation in doing curls with a Harley-Davidson.
Chuck Norris can bench-press the moon.
Chuck Norris can bend the space-time continuum. In the year 4512 he successfully ripped the asses off 100 men, fucked 160 women and shat a turd the size of Manhattan, all from the comfort of his La-Z-Boy recliner in 2007.
Chuck Norris can be unlocked on the hardest level of Tekken. But only Chuck Norris is skilled enough to unlock himself. Then he roundhouse kicks the Playstation back to Japan.
Chuck Norris can blend in perfectly with any environment. If you find this hard to believe, wait until you're punched by a box of Shreddies while shopping.
Chuck Norris can block a fatality.
Chuck Norris can blow bubbles with Laffy Taffy.
Chuck Norris can break boards using his mind. His preference, however, is using your head.
Chuck Norris can breakdance on thin ice. 
Chuck Norris can breathe through his ears.
Chuck Norris can breathe underwater. He has never chosen to do so however, because he refues to get his jeans wet.
Chuck Norris can breath under water. Unfortunately he has never been able to accomplish this feet due to the buoyancy of his beard.
Chuck Norris can bring back the dead. Too bad they're never alive for very long.
Chuck Norris can build a snowman out of rain.
Chuck Norris can buy egg nog anytime of the year.
Chuck Norris can cast a shadow in the dark.
Chuck Norris can catch a fly with one chopstick.
Chuck Norris can catch the blade of a lightsaber.
Chuck Norris can catch the Gingerbread Man.
Chuck Norris can cause a forest fire just using the magical properties of his beard, he can then, if he chooses, extinguish the fire by roundhouse kicking it.
Chuck Norris can charge a cellular phone just by rubbing it against his beard.
Chuck Norris can completely pop a bag of microwave popcorn simply by slipping it down his pants.
Chuck Norris can complete the New York Times crossword puzzle with a permanent marker.
Chuck Norris can core an apple with his penis.
Chuck Norris can cough, sneeze, fart and ejaculate all at once.
Chuck Norris can cough, sneeze, fart and punch at the same time.
Chuck Norris can count cards at poker.
Chuck Norris can count his chickens before they hatch.
Chuck Norris can count to infinity.
Chuck Norris can create a rock so heavy that even he can't lift it. And then he lifts it anyways, just to show you who the fuck Chuck Norris is.
Chuck Norris can create enough lift with his beard to put himself into an eliptical orbit.
Chuck Norris can create enough wind power with one roundhouse kick to power the world for one full day.
Chuck Norris can crip walk on water.
Chuck Norris can crush a 6-pack with his rectum.
Chuck Norris can crush coal into diamonds
Chuck Norris can cut through molecules, making him a living atom bomb.
Chuck Norris can deep throat a wiffleball bat.
Chuck Norris can defrag a Mac. He simply uses his patented iChuck program, permanently deleting all the unwanted bullshit.
Chuck Norris can delete the Recycling Bin.
Chuck Norris can destroy the Police Drones in City of Heroes. At level one.
Chuck Norris can digest sweetcorn.
Chuck Norris can dig half a hole.
Chuck Norris can dig up.
Chuck Norris can discard the plastic baskets at Chipotle.
Chuck Norris can divide by zero.
Chuck Norris can do 0 to 60 in 4 seconds on a ladies' bicycle without pedalling.
Chuck Norris can do 1000 push-ups with his penis.
Chuck Norris can do a better Chuck Norris imitation than Chuck Norris himself.
Chuck Norris can do a handstand with both hands tied behind his back.
Chuck Norris can do a Number 2 while standing.
Chuck Norris can do a one-night-stand in four minutes.
Chuck Norris can do a wheelie on a unicycle.
Chuck Norris can dodge rain.
Chuck Norris CAN do that on television.
Chuck Norris can do The Matrix's "wire-fu," but without the wires.
Chuck Norris can do two cock-pushups.
Chuck Norris can down a whole bottle of Busch without once making a bitter beer face.
Chuck Norris can draw a straight line with a compass, but he can't make Tom Cruise straight.
Chuck Norris can draw concave triangle.
Chuck Norris can drink a gallon of milk and poop whole sticks of butter.
Chuck Norris can drop kick a small child 200 yards.
Chuck Norris can drown a fish.
Chuck Norris can eat an apple and crap fruit salad.
Chuck Norris can eat a Rubix Cube and poop it out solved.
Chuck Norris can eat granite rock like a soft chew candy.
Chuck Norris can eat just one Lays potato chip.
Chuck Norris can eat more Cheesy Poofs than Eric Cartman.
Chuck Norris can eat not just six Saltine crackers in a minute, but six sleeves of them. Remarkably, this ability has nothing to do with roundhouse kicks; he just loves eating crackers.
Chuck Norris can eat soup with a fork.
Chuck Norris can eat your soul in a single bite.
Chuck Norris can ejaculate through solid steel.
Chuck Norris can end any sentence with a preposition.
Chuck Norris can fight city hall.
Chuck Norris can fill up an entire cement mixing truck with one piss.
Chuck Norris CAN find a needle in a haystack, and then kill a man with the needle... or the haystack.
Chuck Norris can finish any game within 4 turns. 3 of the 4 turns he is having sex with the Playboy cover girl.
Chuck Norris can fit 5 billiard balls in his mouth
Chuck Norris can flush a port-a-potty.
Chuck Norris can fly, he just doesn't want to.
Chuck Norris can fly.  This is because gravity doesn't mess with Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris can fly, walk through walls, and throw a ball into outer space. The laws of physics are too scared to apply to him.
Chuck Norris can fold a penny.
Chuck Norris can forecast the weather on TV in a lime-green suit.
Chuck Norris can fully cook a turkey just by pointing at it.  Not the ones you buy at the store.
Chuck Norris can get 7 rounds out of a six-shooter.
Chuck Norris can get an A on a survey.
Chuck Norris can get blackjack with one card.
Chuck Norris can get blood from a stone.
Chuck Norris can get breakfast at McDonald's after 10:30.
Chuck Norris can get checkmate in one move.
Chuck Norris can get in a bucket and lift it up with himself in it.
Chuck Norris can get soup from the soup nazi on the first try.
Chuck Norris can get Superman pregnant.
Chuck Norris can get these motherfucking snakes off the motherfucking plane.
Chuck Norris can get to level 60 on WoW in 5 months.
Chuck Norris can give a "High-Ten" using only his left hand.
Chuck Norris can give bees and peanuts anaphylactic shock.
Chuck Norris can go from zero to erection before you can say, "Golden Girls."<br />
Chuck Norris can grant wishes, as long as you wish for roundhouse kicks to the face or a Total Gym.
Chuck Norris can grate fresh parmesan cheese with his rust-red beard.
Chuck Norris can hammer a nail with one blow, without a hammer.
Chuck Norris can handle the truth.
Chuck Norris can have as much homosexual sex as he wants and still be considered straight. This ability was given to him by the Pope, out of gratitude for the movie "Missing in Action".
Chuck Norris can have both feet on the ground and kick ass at the same time.
Chuck Norris can have current without voltage.<br />
Chuck Norris can have his cake, and eat it too.
Chuck Norris can have his cake AND eat it too, and can then eat the heart of the baker who made the cake.
Chuck Norris can have his cake and eat it too. Or else.
Chuck Norris can have sex with his back turned.
Chuck Norris can have unprotected sex with a volcano.
Chuck Norris can head shot the flood in Halo 1.
Chuck Norris can hear braille.
Chuck Norris can hear dog whistles. He can also bend them with his mind.
Chuck Norris can hit a Cyclops between its eyes.
Chuck Norris can hit a grand slam with the bases empty.
Chuck Norris can hold his breath for an entire Yanni concert.
Chuck Norris can ice skate on wood.
Chuck Norris can identify any UFO. Furthermore, he can kick its ass, take its name and still have time to whistle that creepy X-Files theme song.
Chuck Norris can impregnate anything, even inanimate objects.
Chuck Norris can impregnate a woman in 47 ways not without using his penis.
Chuck Norris can impregnate women by simply raising his right eyebrown. He can impregnate men by raising his left eyebrow but he doesn't bother because he doesn't want a world like that crap Ahnuld film "Junior".
Chuck Norris can impregnate women with only a glance. He can also do this to men.
Chuck Norris can integrate the standard equation for normal distribution.
Chuck Norris can judge a book by its cover. In fact he judges every book by its cover and is right about every one of them.
Chuck Norris can juggle 12 bar stools when drunk but only 8 when sober.  
Chuck Norris can juggle 6 moving chainsaws while sitting on a barstool balanced on a giant rubber ball. He uses his feet to do this, since his hands are busy holding the newspaper that he is reading.
Chuck Norris can jump start a car by holding both terminals of the battery and flexing.
Chuck Norris can kick a fart back into an ass.
Chuck Norris can kill a dog in 7 ways, 4 of which involve throwing missiles at it.
Chuck Norris can kill a man in a rap battle.
Chuck Norris can kill a rock.
Chuck Norris can kill computer viruses with his bare hands.
Chuck Norris can kill dead things.
Chuck Norris can kill two birds with one dead baby.
Chuck Norris can kill two birds with one stone. Birds meaning 20 men, and stone meaning his fist.
Chuck Norris can kill two stones with one bird.
Chuck Norris can kill you in more ways than you know how to die.
Chuck Norris can kill you in seven different languages.
Chuck Norris can kill you just by thinking about you. When people die suddenly in their sleep, the medical term is "DBN" (Death By Norris).
Chuck Norris can kill your thoughts.
Chuck Norris can leave bite marks on water.
Chuck Norris can lick his elbow.
Chuck Norris can lift a mountain over his head with one arm and make a perfect pitcher of Kool Aid with the other.
Chuck Norris can literally melt a woman's heart with one steely eyed wink.
Chuck Norris can live without sex for 10 minutes.
Chuck Norris can look at his face without using his reflection.
Chuck Norris can make a 75 yard Field Goal by hitting the football off his head.
Chuck Norris can make a blind man's life flash before his eyes.
Chuck Norris can make a grown man cry with interpretive dance.
Chuck Norris can make AIDS look cool.
Chuck Norris can make a leopard change its spots.
Chuck Norris can make a molotov cocktail out of a styrofoam cup, three tiddley-winks and his phlegm.
Chuck Norris can make an armless man tap out.
Chuck Norris can make a paraplegic run for his life.
Chuck Norris can make a slinky climb stairs
Chuck Norris can make a woman climax by simply pointing at her and saying "booya".
Chuck Norris can make Communism work.
Chuck Norris can make DOS multi-task.
Chuck Norris can make good use of a solar-powered flashlight.
Chuck Norris can make medicine sick.
Chuck Norris can make Microsoft applications work without crashing.
Chuck Norris can make Microsoft run smoothly for more than a week with AOL installed.
Chuck Norris can make mute people scream.
Chuck Norris can make the Kessel Run in less than 10 parsecs.
Chuck Norris can make two wrongs make a right.
Chuck Norris can make your nose bleed with his mind.
Chuck Norris can mathematically make two wrongs equal a right.
Chuck Norris can milk a chicken.
Chuck Norris can mix oil and water.
Chuck Norris can move his rook diagonally.
Chuck Norris can never, and will never become ill. Disease fears him.
Chuck Norris can never be a steroid abuser; no needle can pierce his skin.
Chuck Norris can never be too old to do underage drinking.
Chuck Norris can never die. Every thirty years Chuck Norris gives birth to himself. A fully adult, fully clothed, fully bearded Chuck Norris, equipped with all the skills and knowledge of the previous Chuck Norris. Including round house kicking skills, black magic, and the timeless art of seduction.
Chuck Norris can never sleep. One nightmare from Chuck Norris would destroy everything in a 5,000 mile radius.
Chuck Norris can no longer see himself in the mirror because the first time he did, he killed his own reflection.
Chuck Norris cannot be duplicated. If you try to duplicate Chuck Norris he will duplicate you. This is for the sole purpose that he can have the pleasure of killing you twice.
Chuck Norris cannot be seen without 4-D vision glasses. His beard requires 5-D vision glasses and sun screen.
Chuck Norris can not buy cigarettes or alcohol because his ID card officially lists his as "ageless".
Chuck Norris cannot compete in the Olympics since his body naturally produces over 60 performance enhancing substances.
Chuck Norris cannot make children with a woman because his sperm would instinctively roundhouse kick the eggs and any antibodies, crippling the woman's reproductive and immune systems.
Chuck Norris cannot make love, he can only make war.
Chuck Norris can not only pull off the Five Point Palm Exploding Heart Technique with only four fingers, he can also juggle a panda bear and a keg of grape juice while doing it.
Chuck Norris cannot predict the future; the future just better fucking do what Chuck Norris says.
Chuck Norris can only be killed by silver bullets in the shape of candy canes.
Chuck Norris can only get drunk from a combination of rattlesnake venom and hot sauce.  And he's sober again in six minutes.
Chuck Norris can only use condoms made out of titanium. Otherwise his sperm will roundhouse kick their way out of the latex.
Chuck Norris can open beer cans with his teeth. He still prefers to use other people's teeth, though.
Chuck Norris can order a Whopper at McDonald's.
Chuck Norris can out-fart Terrence and Philip.
Chuck Norris can outlast God in running suicides.
Chuck Norris can pause live TV without using a TiVO. He just tells it to hold still while he gets his roast beef sandwich.
Chuck Norris can peel oranges with his eyelids.
Chuck Norris can peel potatoes with his eyelids.
Chuck Norris can penetrate a female from up to a mile away, not psychokinetically, he just has a very large cock.
Chuck Norris can perform an ass-kicking through the length of the sewer system while the victim is sitting on the toilet.
Chuck Norris can piss into gale force winds.
Chuck Norris can piss on the third rail and not get electrocuted.
Chuck Norris can piss planes down.
Chuck Norris can piss through a screen door without touching a wire.
Chuck Norris can play ping pong with an ironing board and a watermelon.
Chuck Norris can play the bongo drums with his hands behind his back. He accomplishes this by leaning over them really close and flexing his pecs. The sweet rhythms he produces are the most potent form of aphrodisiac known to man.
Chuck Norris can play the piano accordion. That's why they're so cool.
Chuck Norris can play the solo from "Stairway to Heaven" using only pubic trimmings and a glockenspiel.
Chuck Norris can play the violin with a piano
Chuck Norris can play "Through The Fire and Flames" without missing a note ... on the harmonica.
Chuck Norris can punch faster than the speed of light. Every time he hits someone his hands actually go back in time. His fists are only 23 years old.
Chuck Norris can put a piece of rolling paper and some tobacco in his mouth, roll it around for a few seconds, and produce an already lit cigarette when he's finished.
Chuck Norris can put a quarter in his ass and then shit out a dime and two nickels. There is a five cent charge.
Chuck Norris can put his arm back on, but you can't. So play safe.
Chuck Norris can put on a fitted bed sheet in one step. 
Chuck Norris can put out water with fire.
Chuck Norris can rape three people at the same time. Don't even try to figure out how.
Chuck Norris can read Braille with his scrotum.
Chuck Norris can read every AIM conversation for they are stored on the infinite hard drive of his computer.
Chuck Norris can read lips with his eyes closed.
Chuck Norris can read picture books.
Chuck Norris can reduce the entropy of a closed system.
Chuck Norris can remotely impregnate women.
Chuck Norris can reverse the flow of time by performing a roundhouse kick backwards. 
Chuck Norris can rhyme faster then the speed of sound.
Chuck Norris can roundhouse kick a hole out of a wall.
Chuck Norris can roundhouse kick someone in the face... from behind.
Chuck Norris can roundhouse kick the bedroom light off and get under the covers before the room turns dark.
Chuck Norris can roundhouse kick with his left leg and his right leg. At the same time.
Chuck Norris can rub his stomach and pat his head at the same time with only one hand.
Chuck Norris can rub his stomach, pat his head, and spread butter on toast all at once.
Chuck Norris can run a mile in under 5 seconds.
Chuck Norris can satisfy a whale.
Chuck Norris can satisfy a woman just by looking at her. If he smiles, she can't walk right for a week.
Chuck Norris can scream in sign language.
Chuck Norris can screw a flathead screw into the wall with a phillips screwdriver.
Chuck Norris can see around corners.
Chuck Norris can see John Cena.
Chuck Norris can see through people, not because he has keen intellect or great wisdom. But because he knocks a whole in them and eats their liver.
Chuck Norris can see with his eyes closed.
Chuck Norris can send 10,000 volts through electric eels.
Chuck Norris can send faxes by speaking into the phone jack.
Chuck Norris can send faxes by stroking his beard close to a phone.
Chuck Norris can sharpen a knife by rubbing it against his beard.
Chuck Norris can shit bricks of gold or small children of any race.
Chuck Norris can shoot a man with a knife.
Chuck Norris can shoot a mosquito in left testicle from a mile away.
Chuck Norris can shoot at cars with a revolver and make them explode. He told me all you have to do is make a real macho face when you're aiming and you'll hit the gas tank everytime.
Chuck Norris can shoot rockets out of his penis. This bit of intelligence caused Russia to drop out of the Cold War.
Chuck Norris can sink your battleship playing Connect Four.
Chuck Norris can slam revolving doors.
Chuck Norris can smell carbon monoxide.
Chuck Norris can smell fear on you, unless you are wearing Chuck Norris brand deodrant which is so powerful it must be applied with a roundhouse kick to the armpit.
Chuck Norris can smell sounds and hear odors.
Chuck Norris can smell, taste, and urinate fear.
Chuck Norris can sneeze without closing his eyes.
Chuck Norris can snuff the rooster.
Chuck Norris can solve any riddle simply by turning a duck counter-clockwise while carefully balancing it on a crying child. 
Chuck Norris can solve every geometry proof simply by writing "Because Chuck says so".
Chuck Norris can speak braille.
Chuck Norris can spell his name with Cheerios.
Chuck Norris can spell out "Chuck Norris" with Cheerios.
Chuck Norris can split an atom with his teeth. He will then outrun the resulting blast.
Chuck Norris can squeeze apple juice out of a banana.
Chuck Norris can squeeze blood from a turnip.
Chuck Norris can squeeze orange juice out of a lemon
Chuck Norris can squeeze the sweat out of a rock.
Chuck Norris can stare into the sun all he wants, but the sun can't stare at Chuck Norris for more than a few seconds.
Chuck Norris can stare you down even when his back is turned.
Chuck Norris can stare you down with his back turned.
Chuck Norris can start a fire with an ice cube.
Chuck Norris can stop time for up to two hours by thinking about pineapples
Chuck Norris can stop time just by thinking about pineapples.
Chuck Norris can strangle you with a cordless phone.
Chuck Norris can survive fatalities on Mortal Kombat.
Chuck Norris can survive for 17 years in the desert without a source of water. His secret? He can squeeze water out of sand grains with his incomparable strength.
Chuck Norris can swallow a hotdog sideways.
Chuck Norris can swallow a quarter and shit out one dime, two nickels and five pennies.
Chuck Norris can swallow four quarters and shat out a buck fifty.
Chuck Norris can swallow his elbow.
Chuck Norris can take a sardine and a bread crumb and feed the known world.  Take that Jesus.
Chuck Norris can take the virginity from olive oil.
Chuck Norris can tame lions by nestling them with his beard.
Chuck Norris can taunt Happy Fun Ball.
Chuck Norris can't beat him self in chess.
Chuck Norris can tear a phone book in half by looking at it.
Chuck Norris can tell the difference between Diet Dr. Pepper and regular Dr. Pepper.
Chuck Norris can tell the exact time of day to the second just by glancing at the sun.
Chuck Norris can't have pets. He had a dog once, but when it refused to do anything but lie on its back and quiver, Chuck had no choice but to eat it alive.
Chuck Norris can throw a 135 mph fastball with his moustache.
Chuck Norris can throw a perfect spiral on a slant pattern with both hands tied behind his back.
Chuck Norris can throw confetti 700 yards.
Chuck Norris can tie a cherry tree into a knot using only his tongue.
Chuck Norris can tie his shoes with his feet.
Chuck Norris can tie his shoe with one hand.
Chuck Norris can't litter. Whenever he tries, the stuff he throws out turns into baby panda bears.
Chuck Norris can't look at Mexicans without vomiting.
Chuck Norris can touch his chin to his forehead.
Chuck Norris can touch his tongue to his nose, elbow, and little toe all at the same time.
Chuck Norris can touch MC Hammer.
Chuck Norris can travel through time by running at 88 miles per hour.
Chuck Norris can't spell Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris can tune a triangle.
Chuck Norris can turn back time simply by staring at the clock and flexing.
Chuck Norris can turn coal into diamonds just by staring at it.
Chuck Norris can turn lead into gold by simply staring at it causing the molecules to change and rearrange out of fear.  He is the ultimate alchemist.
Chuck Norris can uncremate dead people. Then he re-cremates them while alive.
Chuck Norris can understand System of a Down.
Chuck Norris can unwrap a Starburst inside his mouth. The only other person that can do this is currently locked in a cage in Chuck's basement.
Chuck Norris can use the oldest trick in the book. He fucking wrote it.
Chuck Norris can utilize his beard as a lung for breathing underwater.
Chuck Norris can wake up sleeping pills.
Chuck Norris can walk away from a k-22 paper jam.
Chuck Norris can walk faster than a speeding bullet, his beard is more powerful than a locomotive train, and he can destroy tall buildings with a single roundhouse kick. His unparalleled sense of humor allows him to laugh at Superman for running and jumping like a sissy.
Chuck Norris can walk on water but he prefers to fly.
Chuck Norris can walk, talk, chew gum, pat his head, rub his belly and can still kill you quietly and unnoticed on a busy street corner.
Chuck Norris can watch himself sleep.
Chuck Norris can watch television simply by looking at the antenna.
Chuck Norris can weld titanium with his urine.
Chuck Norris can weld wood.
Chuck Norris can what the Rock is cooking. It's a T-bone steak, ultra rare with a dash of garlic and herbs. That's the way Chuck Norris likes it.
Chuck Norris can whistle with his beard.
Chuck Norris can win a demolition derby on a skateboard.
Chuck Norris can win a soccer game with only using his hands.
Chuck Norris can win at a game of chess with only a king.
Chuck Norris can win tic-tac-toe in one move.
Chuck Norris can work the word conquistador into ANY sentence.
Chuck Norris captured Osama bin Laden, but did not turn him over to the authorities. Instead Norris said "Now here's a REAL terrorist attack" and proceeded to ram a crowbar up his urethra.
Chuck Norris cares about black people... just not the one on Walker.
Chuck Norris carries a card in his wallet, issued to him by the Supreme Court of the United States of America, absolving him from any charges of murder or attempted murder due to his sexual technique.
Chuck Norris carries a dozen cans of tuna on him at all times. Just in case.
Chuck Norris carries a messenger bag. If you call it a purse, he pulls a baby out of the bag and throws it at you. The baby will blow up upon impact.
Chuck Norris carries Chuck Norris insurance for the small chance that he commits suicide.
Chuck Norris carries his credit card on the bottom his shoe and if you ask to he will gladly leave an imprint of it on your face.
Chuck Norris carries no money. Pain is his only currency.
Chuck Norris' car runs on Vin Diesel.
Chuck Norris carved Mt. Rushmore by himself with his teeth. It took him thirty seconds.
Chuck Norris' case of the crabs is worth 5 million in the Chinese crabbing industry.
Chuck Norris cast Eve out of the Garden of Eden. He told the bitch not to touch his apples.
Chuck Norris casts no shadow. Not even a shadow is stupid enough to follow Chuck Norris around all day.
Chuck Norris caught all 386 pokemon in just under 2.7 seconds. He says he won't trade any of them for anything.
Chuck Norris caught Chamillionaire ridin' dirty.
Chuck Norris caught Mewtwo with a regular Pokéball. He used his one Masterball on a Pidgey.
Chuck Norris caught the roadrunner while blindfolded and then ate it alive, right in front of that fucking coyote. He then put the coyote in a cage and watched it starve to death. Who's wiley now?
Chuck Norris caused all of the pain and suffering that is the inspiration for emo music. It was his only mistake.
Chuck Norris caused all the pain and suffering that is the inspiration for emo music. It was his only mistake.
Chuck Norris caused the 80's band Genesis to break up. Not because of artistic differences, but because Chuck Norris demanded that one member of the band follow him around at all times to perform live theme music for his daily life. Phil Collins provides personal favorites "I can't dance" and "One more night" for Norris' workouts and a personal montage for trying on funny hats and tank tops. Also, all roundhouse kicks to the face are emphasized with an emphatic "SSussudiO!!!!" Meanwhile, Peter Gabriel croons the Chuck and the ladies to Chuck's personal love-making tune, "Sledgehammer".
Chuck Norris caused the "Baby Boom" breakout after World War II.
Chuck Norris caused the extinction of the dinosaurs millions of years ago.  Whenever a scientist tries to report this "theory of extinction" to the world, Chuck Norris makes them extinct with a well placed roundhouse kick to the head. Chuck Norris doesn't like to brag.
Chuck Norris caused the Great Depression, because he went to the bank and withdrew all of his money.
Chuck Norris celebrated National Coming Out day by grabbing a rainbow out of the sky, tossing it up, and roundhouse kicking it into the Mayor of San Fransico's face.
Chuck Norris challenged a statue to a staring contest. Chuck remains undefeated.
Chuck Norris changed his name to Babe Ruth in 1912. He fought in World War I and killed 6,013 German soldiers and walked back home to New York where he built Yankee Stadium. After breaking every home run record in existence, Chuck Norris was drafted to fight in World War II. In the war, in which he only fought one day, he killed 43,135 German troops bringing his total to an even 49,148. All of this using only 7 bullets.
Chuck Norris chews two bottles of Viagra when he wants his erections to go away.
Chuck Norris' childhood aspiration was to become a ballerina. Thank God that fell through.
Chuck Norris' chin hairs are far too strong to by cut with a mere razor. In fact, that's the reason why he keeps his beard at a constant 1 inch: that's as close as the lawnmower can cut.
Chuck Norris chiseled the image of Mount Rushmore into his abs with a butter knife.
Chuck Norris choked an estimated 400,000 Viet Kong to death in 1985.
Chuck Norris choked the writer of 'Sidekicks' to death.  
Chuck Norris circumcised himself. At birth. With his bare hands.
Chuck Norris claims that he is to sexy to shave his beard.
Chuck Norris claims to have invented the telephone, the computer, the waffle iron and television. No one has ever disputed this.
Chuck Norris cleans his colon with hot sauce.
Chuck Norris cleans the wax out of his ears with a shotgun.
Chuck Norris climbed Mount Everest in 45 minutes. When he got to the top he could get cellphone reception.
Chuck Norris clips his right hand nails with his right hand.
Chuck Norris clips his toenails with a blow torch. He fuels the torch with his own breath.
Chuck Norris clogs the toilet even when he pisses.
Chuck Norris cloned himself just to see if he could kick his own ass. The result was the second ice age.
Chuck Norris coincidentally lives in a round house.
Chuck Norris coined the phrase, "Cruisin' for a bruisin'" And yes, drugs were involved.
Chuck Norris coined the phrase, "Don't come near me mother fucker or I'll roundhouse kick the shit out of you." The phrase has since been changed to, "Don't mess with Texas."
Chuck Norris coined the phrase "mustache ride".
Chuck Norris coined the term "69" when he made a girl orgasm 69 times by rubbing his beard against her buttcheek.
Chuck Norris coined the term "pwned" and is the only one who can correctly pronounce it.
Chuck Norris coined the term "the birds and the bees" when he made every bird and every bee fornicate each other by a simple yawn.
Chuck Norris combs his hair with a rake, he wipes is ass with poison ivy, and he drinks beer with his cereal.
Chuck Norris combs his hair with the teeth of a mighty lion.
Chuck Norris commands all five lions of Voltron simultaneously.
Chuck Norris commits suicide on Friday evenings just to spice up the weekends.
Chuck Norris competed in the 1952 Oslo Winter Olympics in the Downhill Skiing event, setting a world record on his way to his 4th straight Gold Medal. Since then, the International Olympic Committee has changed its rules and snake skin cowboy boots are now considered illegal. 
Chuck Norris competed in the luge event at the winter olympics, but instead of a sled he rode a human cadaver.
Chuck Norris competes in every Special Olympics just to emphasise how dominant he really is. At the conclusion of the events, he roundhouse kicks 5 carefully chosen people from the audience thereby making them "eligible" for the next years' games. Chuck likes a little competition.
Chuck Norris composed the soundtrack to "2 Girls 1 Cup."
Chuck Norris' computer doesn't run Windows; it has doors.
Chuck Norris' computer mouse is a real mouse.
Chuck Norris considered the movie "Sin City" a chick flick.
Chuck Norris constructed his own iPod by staring intensely at 10,000 country-western bands until they fearfully compacted themselves into a 2x4x1/2 inch white rectangle.
Chuck Norris consults a physician if he has an erection lasting less than 24 hours.
Chuck Norris consumed blue cotton candy, marshmellows, and crack. Then he shit out the Smurfs.
Chuck Norris consumed two kegs of beer at one sitting. It took him longer to float the beer during keg stand than it did to eat the aluminum shell.
Chuck Norris contracted every STD known to man, just to show that STD's are for pussies.
Chuck Norris, contrary to popular belief, is the answer to the question, "What is the meaning of Life, the Universe, and Everything?", not 42.
Chuck Norris converted to Islam. Upon his death he was sent to heaven and presented with 72 virgins. With a shake of his head and a stroke of his beard he said, "Been there, Done that."
Chuck Norris converted to Scientology and sacrificed Tom Cruise to appease himself.
Chuck Norris cooks his food by walking through lava with it.
Chuck Norris COULD do a wheelie on a unicycle, but we'll never see it because unicycles are gay.
Chuck Norris could end world hunger if he wanted to, but he hates to miss a meal.
Chuck Norris could have been a lumberjack but he was too manly.
Chuck Norris could have caught the Road Runner and without stupid ACME products.
Chuck Norris could have stopped the Holocaust but he was too busy having sex with an over-sized garden gnome.
Chuck Norris could make God atheist if he wanted to.
Chuck Norris couldn't find a way to show his sensitive side, so he invented male nipples to have something in common with women.
Chuck Norris couldn't strangle you, but he'd sure as hell decapitate you.
Chuck Norris could rip off your head and shit down your neck but his shit <br />
Chuck Norris could scare a slinky straight.
Chuck Norris could school Peyton Manning in the art of  quarterbacking. Although, Chuck Norris thinks football is for women because they wear "pads".
Chuck Norris could stop all the illegal immigrants sneaking over the border, but then he wouldn't have any slaves for him to practice his roundhouse kicks on.
Chuck Norris could stop racism if he wanted to.
Chuck Norris could turn on a dime but he's not interested.
Chuck Norris could win America's Got Talent simply by walking on the stage.
Chuck Norris counted to infinity - twice.  
Chuck Norris counts his chickens whenever he wants, hatched or not.
Chuck Norris' cowboy boots are made from real cowboys.
Chuck Norris craps pure muscle.
Chuck Norris created a circle with corners.
Chuck Norris created an ultra-violent hybrid of golf, bowling and lawn-mowing using the head of a roundhouse kick victim. The world would come to know a wussed-down version as dodgeball.
Chuck Norris created Christopher Michael Davis in his laboratory to make the world a shittier place.
Chuck Norris created John Mayer so that everyone would always have someone to make fun of.
Chuck Norris created pi in order to keep humans confused. While scientists and mathematicians attempt to terminate pi, Chuck Norris plots to terminate them.
Chuck Norris created six extra letters of the alphabet that no one but Chuck Norris know about
Chuck Norris created the Bering Strait by skullfucking the Earth into submission.
Chuck Norris created the earth in two days. He spent the next 5 having rough sex with women to populate it.
Chuck Norris created the first perpetual motion machine by hanging a Volkswagen Beetle on the end of a tetherball pole then kicking it. Thus he solved the world's energy problem.
Chuck Norris created the H5N1 strain of bird flu "for a laugh".
Chuck Norris created the hole in the ozone layer by kicking the air.
Chuck Norris created the hole in the ozone layer, "to get a better look at the sun."
Chuck Norris created the Internet to instantaneously send pictures of himself to people he was about to kill. No one has ever had time to open one of these emails.
Chuck Norris created the Mormons so that the Jews could have someone to persecute.
Chuck Norris created the prototype for the Total Gym out of rubberbands, paperclips and the stem cells of orphans.
Chuck Norris created the recipe for Soylent Green. He also collected the ingredients and cooked them alive.
Chuck Norris created the the theory of evolution, but lost it to Darwin in a game of Tiddly-Winks.
Chuck Norris created the Total Gym by physically beating a Ford Pinto into the shape he had in his mind.  The gas tank did explode during the procedure, but not so much as one hair of Chuck Norris's beard was singed.
Chuck Norris created the world, then he gave it a roundhouse kick in the northern hemisphere and created continents.
Chuck Norris created time.  When asked why, he said because he wanted to clock his roundhouse kick.  
Chuck Norris created whiskey to help control the Indians.
Chuck Norris creates global warming everytime he works out.
Chuck Norris creates the effect of an atom bomb by roundhouse kicking an atom in the face. (Chuck Norris = mc²)
Chuck Norris cried wolf, only to beat up the villagers who showed up.
Chuck Norris crossed the road. Nobody has ever dared question his motives.
Chuck Norris Crowds the Plow.
Chuck Norris cultivates a small population of third world orphans with red hair so he can harvest them at a moments notice for his beard.
Chuck Norris currently holds the best record for pole vaulting at 100 ft; also he is the only person in history to use his dick as the pole.
Chuck Norris currently holds the record for the most money won in a single game of Jeopardy.  He simply buzzed in for every question and then solemnly stared at Alex Trebek until Trebek awarded him credit.  In the Final Jeopardy round, Norris wagered all his winnings and then answered by drawing a picture of himself.
Chuck Norris cut down the cherry tree. When asked if he did it, he roundhouse kicked his father, killing him. Chuck Norris cannot tell a lie.
Chuck Norris' dandruff has been a large part of our society since the 1970's...We know it as cocaine.
Chuck Norris' dandruff is the Colonel's secret ingredient. They won't tell you because if we all knew that, KFC couldn't meet demand.
Chuck Norris dared Washington to chop down the cherry tree, he gave Lincoln his first hat and he told Benjamin Franklin to, "Go fly a kite." Who else could America have come from?
Chuck Norris dares you to sing the song "The Name Game" using the name "Chuck". Go ahead. Just try it.
Chuck Norris decided that "enough is enough" when it came to Muslim extremists. As a result, the entire Middle East is now known as "Israel".
Chuck Norris decided to can and sell the smell of his farts which are irresistible to women. The product is known as Axe bodyspray.
Chuck Norris decides when Mao has to clean his room.
Chuck Norris declared war on the color orange. And won.
Chuck Norris decorates his Christmas tree with pictures of people he killed that year.
Chuck Norris deeply admires and respects the mountain goat.
Chuck Norris defeated all of the Dragonball Z characters in one episode.  Unfortunately, it is too violent to be shown on anywhere.
Chuck Norris defeated Hulk Hogan at the battle of Little Big Horn.
Chuck Norris defeated IBM's Deep Blue computer chess program using only one pawn and the thimble from Monopoly. He also collected $200 for passing "Go" in the process.
Chuck Norris defeated Luke Skywalker with an erection and a glow in the dark condom.
Chuck Norris defeated the Canadian Army with a rusty wooden spoon.
Chuck Norris defeated the Southern states of America single handedly in the civil war out of blind rage because the entire south called his beard gay. After he roundhoused kicked every southerner in the head he answered, "No one messes with the beard retards."
Chuck Norris' definition of a steak is barbequing a live cow on a spit and eating it whole.
Chuck Norris delayed Windows Vista.
Chuck Norris delivers more male with one thrust of his pelvis than the U.S. Postal Service and the Pony Express have combined for the last 146 years.
Chuck Norris despises those who use collect calls, also he hates when the people who use collect calls leave their incohearent messages of what they called you for before the machine asks you if you would like to accept.
Chuck Norris devised his own STD. On top of that, he doesnt tell women about it until after he punches them in the throat.
Chuck Norris' dick is so big, it has it's own dick, and even Chuck Norris' dick's dick is bigger than your dick.
Chuck Norris did not allow Y2K to happen, because it was causing people to temporarily forget about the greatest movie ever, "The Octagon".
Chuck Norris did not create the Internet; computers fear him and band together for protection.
Chuck Norris did not go to school, Chuck Norris schools other people. And Chuck is the only 4.0.
Chuck Norris did not have childhood heroes. He had competition.
Chuck Norris did not have to wait in line for his PS3 or Wii. A Sony and Nintendo rep waited in line behind a Microsoft rep in front of Chuck's house for a week to hand deliver the free systems.
Chuck Norris did not read the terms of agreement, but clicked the "I Agree" button anyway.
Chuck Norris did not shoot the deputy or the sheriff, but he roundhouse kicked the crap out of both of them.
Chuck Norris didn't forget Poland, and Google Trends confirms this.
Chuck Norris didn't get circumcised, he had one pound of foreskin sewn on his dick. People now call it the sledgehammer.
Chuck Norris didn't invent the Internet, but he allows it to exist. 
Chuck Norris didn't like the color of his eyes so he had them tatooed.
Chuck Norris didn't like the end of Superman IV, so broke Christopher Reeves' neck.
Chuck Norris didnt roundhouse kick Ray Charles because he was blind, he roundhoused Ray Charles because he was black.
Chuck Norris didn't start the fire, but now he kind of wishes he had.
Chuck Norris didn't vote for Pedro.  He deported him.  And by deported Chuck means he roundhouse kicked him back to Mexico.
Chuck Norris died 10 years ago. But he defeated death 12 years ago.
Chuck Norris died ten years ago, but the Grim Reaper can't get up the courage to tell him.
Chuck Norris' diet consists of only two food groups; meat and Democrats.
Chuck Norris' digestive system is so strong, he routinely eats glass and shits out sand.
Chuck Norris discovered the "taint" when he couldn't decide if he wanted to kick someone in the ass or the balls. 
Chuck Norris disguised himself as a snake and fed Eve the apple in the garden of Eden so there would be evil in the world that he could fight.
Chuck Norris' DNA is 90 percent denim.
Chuck Norris does have a weakness... midgets. The roundhouse kicks fly right over their heads.
Chuck Norris does not age, he simply turns around and round house kicks time in the face.
Chuck Norris does not ask the ladies for their phone numbers, he asks for their blood types. The only thing that can quench Chuck's thirst after a good lay is Type O Negative blood.
Chuck Norris does not bake, the bread rises on his presence.
Chuck Norris does not bathe with soap or water. His body naturally sweats Mr. Clean.
Chuck Norris does not beat the shit out of people. He merely coaxes it out, because shit is an innocent bystander.
Chuck Norris does not believe in Christmas for every day that men are still alive is a gift from Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris does not bleed red, because red is the color of communism.
Chuck Norris does not buy his beef in the store. No, he goes into a pasture and starts eating a cow alive while it is grazing.
Chuck Norris does not CHOOSE to avoid heroin. In order for a needle to pierce his skin, it needs to travel 0.96 times the speed of light and exceed the temperature of the center of the sun.
Chuck Norris does not cross his t's and his t's dare not cross Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris does not drink water. He simply swallows his own saliva. One teaspoon of Chuck Norris' saliva contains 100% of the recommended daily allowance of every vitamin and mineral known to man.
Chuck Norris does not eat French fries or French toast. Ever. He does however eat French people. 
Chuck Norris does not eat hamburgers. Instead, he devours cows  slammed between two slabs of granite.
Chuck Norris does not fight. He gives motivational seminars.
Chuck Norris does not flex at 100%, if he did, his muscle mass would become so dense it would create it's own gravitational field similar to that of a black hole... Killing all living things in the universe, except himself.
Chuck Norris does not get frostbite. Chuck Norris bites frost.
Chuck Norris does not go on walks. Chuck Norris goes on patrol.
Chuck Norris does not grow old.  He merely puts on a disguise of a balding head and greying beard every now and then to lure people into thinking they can take him.  Then, he roundhouse kicks them in the face.  
Chuck Norris does not have AIDS but he gives it to people anyway.
Chuck Norris does not have balls of steel. Chuck Norris has balls of Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris does not have birthdays because he is timeless.
Chuck Norris does not have friends, only potential targets for his roundhouse to the face.
Chuck Norris does not have pubic hair, he has a groin beard.
Chuck Norris does not have skin, he has a layer of kevlar that just looks like skin.
Chuck Norris does not have to mow his lawn. He simply stares at the grass and dares it to grow.
Chuck Norris does not have your normal human-style, male nipples. He has a Dodge Ram hood ornament on each pec, and both rams blow smoke out of their noses each and every time he pumps Christy Brinkley.
Chuck Norris does not hunt because the word hunting implies the possibility of failure. Chuck Norris goes killing.
Chuck Norris does not, in fact, wear cowboy boots, or any other kind of shoes. This is because the skin of his feet and lower legs is already tougher than leather, and occasionally adopts a nifty snakeskin look besides.
Chuck Norris does not know about this site. Otherwise he would have deleted the internet. 
Chuck Norris does not know fear, but fear knows Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris does not know how to swim, but water is too afraid to do anything about it.
Chuck Norris does not know how to swim. He once said to the water, "Get the fuck out of my way!", but it didn't move, so he roundhouse-kicked it in the face, thus causing the South-Asian Tsunami. A similar incident involving Chuck and a megaphone caused Hurricane Katrina.
Chuck Norris does not know what Willis is "talkin' bout". He does however know how much he wants to roundhouse Gary Colmen in the face.
Chuck Norris does not know where you live, but he knows where you will die.
Chuck Norris does not leave messages. Chuck Norris leaves warnings.
Chuck Norris does not like to visit the poor because he says it is cruel for them to see who took all their money.
Chuck Norris does not live life on the edge; life lives on the edge of Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris does not move, the earth rotates to where he wants to go.
Chuck Norris does not mow his lawn, he simply performs a roundhouse kick demonstration from the porch, and the grass wilts in fear.
Chuck Norris does not need a passport. Chuck Norris exists in all 24 time zones simultaneously.
Chuck Norris does not need a remote for his TV. He simply gives it "the look" and the television changes channels by itself.
Chuck Norris does not need Listerine. He can even knock out bad breath.
Chuck Norris does not need spare tires. He wraps himself around the rims and forces someone to drive him home.
Chuck Norris does not need to use his hands while masturbating. He instead silently glares at his penis, which then proceeds to jerk itself off, for fear of being evaporated by Chuck's heat vision, and then replaced by a regrown penis, 365 times bigger than it. 365 for the amount of days a year Chuck Norris kicks ass. And if you ask Chuck about leap years, he will roundhouse your face. There are no leap years in Chuck Norris Land.
Chuck Norris does not obey the Law of Conservation of Energy, choosing instead to obey the Law of Distribution of Pain.
Chuck Norris does not open doors for his date.  He roundhouse kicks them down.  Her, too.
Chuck Norris does not own a car. If he needs to go somewhere, he picks a car he wants and knocks on the window. The driver knows what to do.
Chuck Norris does not own a cellphone. Instead, he has state of the art homing devices tagged on everyone he knows.
Chuck Norris does not play any sports because there is not enough plastic on earth to make a cup big enough for him.
Chuck Norris does not play basketball because he does not believe in passing his balls to anyone.
Chuck Norris does not play the guitar, instead he plays the six stringed bass.
Chuck Norris does not query the existence of God. God wonders if Chuck Norris is human, because he sure as hell never created him.
Chuck Norris does not recognize Albany as the capital of New York
Chuck Norris does not see dead people. He eats them.
Chuck Norris does not shave. Instead he just lights his beard on fire. Once the fire is out he roundhouse kicks his dog in the head.
Chuck Norris does not shave with a conventional razor, he simply coats his head in blood and dips his face into a shark tank.
Chuck Norris does not shit. He excretes weakness.
Chuck Norris does not sleep. He waits.
Chuck Norris does not stick it to the Man. He is the Man.
Chuck Norris does not stub his toe, he destroys random furniture.
Chuck Norris does not swim. He wades.
Chuck Norris does not take a bite out of crime. He swallows crime whole and demands seconds.
Chuck Norris does not teabag the ladies.  He potato-sacks them.  
Chuck Norris does not think there is more to life than being really, really, really, ridiculosly, good looking.
Chuck Norris does not use a cell phone. He speaks at a normal volume, but out of fear the space-time continuum warps itself until his message reaches the person he's speaking to.
Chuck Norris does not use a restroom. He blesses it.
Chuck Norris does not use computers. He gets all the information he needs by rubbing his beard on Steve Jobs' head.
Chuck Norris does not use defense, instead, he uses counter-offense.
Chuck Norris does not use gasoline. He fills his tank with unleaded goat urine. He then proceeds to dare his car not to run.
Chuck Norris does not use pick-up lines, he points. Unfortunately, this is the same way he selects his next victim, so many people do not know whether to be happy because Chuck Norris wants to sleep with them, or to be happy because Chuck Norris wants to kill them.
Chuck Norris does not use spellcheck. If he happens to misspell a word, he simply changes the acutal spelling of it.
Chuck Norris does not use stereotypes. Everything Chuck Norris thinks is true.
Chuck Norris does not use toilet paper to wipe his ass. He simply uses the woman he slept with the night before.
Chuck Norris does not walk forward. Instead, he spins the Earth using only his feet.
Chuck Norris does not walk; he moves the ground.
Chuck Norris does not wear a cup. He wears a barrel.
Chuck Norris doesn't actually have a beard. What we perceive as a sexy and rugged man-beard is actually just Chuck Norris' skin. Legend has it that if Chuck Norris actually grew a beard, every woman in the world would simultaneously orgasm, thus destroying the Earth. Chuck Norris isn't sure if that's true, but he thinks we're better safe than sorry.
Chuck Norris doesn't ask if a girl is on the pill, he simply just roundhouse kicks them to the stomach when he's done, to make sure that everything inside is dead.
Chuck Norris doesn't ask permission, he grants it.
Chuck Norris doesn't babysit. He babystomps.
Chuck Norris doesn't bathe like the rest of us. The only baths Chuck Norris takes are blood baths.
Chuck Norris doesn't believe in Germany.
Chuck Norris doesnt believe in God. God believes in Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris doesn't bleed. The red is a warning sign.
Chuck Norris doesn't break up with his girlfriends. He just breaks them.
Chuck Norris doesn't break up with his girlfriends... He punches them in the vagina and they leave.
Chuck Norris doesn't "break wind". Chuck Norris "decimates the ozone".
Chuck Norris doesn't brush his teeth. He points his fist at his mouth and the plaque jumps out.
Chuck Norris doesn't brush his teeth; he simply pours Listerine into his vodka twice a day.
Chuck Norris doesn't care about black people, Kanye West is just too afraid to admit it.<br />
Chuck Norris doesn't care for hot dogs. He just takes a St Bernard and eats it raw.
Chuck Norris doesn't care if Santa Claus is watching or not.
Chuck Norris doesn't change the channels on his T.V. He flexes at the T.V. until it does what he wants.
Chuck Norris doesn't cheat death. He wins fair and square.
Chuck Norris doesn't courtesy flush. Ever.
Chuck Norris doesn't cut grass, he dares it to grow.
Chuck Norris doesn't drink coffee. He enjoys a cup of freshly-ground Colombians in the morning.
Chuck Norris doesn't drink Red Bull, Chuck Norris drinks the red blood of bulls.
Chuck Norris doesn't eat beef jerky. He eats the entire cow and craps out beef jerky.
Chuck Norris doesn't eat cereal for breakfast, he eats his victims.
Chuck Norris doesn't experience miricales, he makes them.
Chuck Norris doesn't fart, he makes smelly tornadoes.
Chuck Norris doesn't fart, he roundhouse kicks little children in the face.
Chuck Norris doesn't fight men, he only fights women. Because, in Chuck Norris' presence, there is no such thing as "men". Only man. One. And don't even think about it; it’s Chuck. When he visits the facilities, the doors read "Women's" and "Chuck's".
Chuck Norris doesn't floss; he speaks and the plaque runs away.
Chuck Norris doesn't get an upset stomach, he gets upset at his stomach.
Chuck Norris doesn't get a "stiffy", he gets a "Chuck Norris"
Chuck Norris doesnt get a sunburn, he burns the sun.
Chuck Norris doesn't get paper cuts, paper gets Chuck Norris cuts.
Chuck Norris doesn't give 110%. Chuck Norris gives nothing to nobody, and takes whatever the fuck wants.
Chuck Norris doesn't give Christmas presents. If you live to see Christmas, that is your Christmas present from Chuck.
Chuck Norris doesn't go to the toilet, the toilet comes to him.
Chuck Norris doesn't have a bank account. He just tells the bank how much he needs.
Chuck Norris doesn't have a beard, he saves a hair from every man he kills and glues it to his chin.
Chuck Norris doesn't have a car. You don't need one when you can fly.
Chuck Norris doesn't have a Ctrl key on his computer, because Chuck Norris is always in control.
Chuck Norris doesn’t have a horn in his pick-up truck. Instead he channels all his roadrage in one gigantic roar of pure manhood. The roar is so powerful that it makes all the other vehicles implode instantly, killing everybody sitting inside them. He then roundhouse kicks his way out of his imploded truck.
Chuck Norris doesnt have a keyboard for his computer, instead he stares at the screen untill his thoughts appear there.
Chuck Norris doesn't have a reflection in the mirror. It hides.
Chuck Norris doesn't have biceps or tricepts, the numbers 2 and 3 are too small to describe Chuck Norris' muscles. Instead, he has 1002ceps and 1003ceps.
Chuck Norris doesn't have friends, just enemies he hasn't killed.
Chuck Norris doesn't have hair on his testicles, because hair does not grow on steel.
Chuck Norris doesn't have normal white blood cells like you and I. His have a small black ring around them. This signifies that they are black belts in every form of martial arts and they roundhouse kick the shit out of viruses. That's why Chuck Norris never gets ill.
Chuck Norris doesn't have the normal "fight or flight" response that everyone else has. Chuck's response is "paralyze or decapitate".
Chuck Norris does'nt have to brush his teeth; they know better than to get dirty
Chuck Norris doesn't have to cut his grass, he just stands on his porch and dares it to grow.
Chuck Norris doesn't have to dial a one or a zero when calling long distance.
Chuck Norris doesn't have to do anything for a Klondike Bar. In fact, it's the Klondike Bar that must do something for Chuck Norris in order to be eaten with mercy.
Chuck Norris doesn't have to do shit for a Klondike bar.
Chuck Norris doesn't have to eat, but he does it anyways to be cool.
Chuck Norris doesn't have to kill you today. Chuck Norris is patient.
Chuck Norris doesn't have to wait 30 minutes after a big meal to go swimming. He can swim whenever he wants.
Chuck Norris doesn't have to watch the news. The news comes to Chuck, and asks politely if it can explain itself to him.
Chuck Norris doesn't just get morning wood, he gets morning redwood.
Chuck Norris doesn't just kill time, he roundhouse kicks it.
Chuck Norris doesn't kill people, he just dares Death to knife-fights and uses people as a shield.
Chuck Norris doesn't kill time. He annihilates it.
Chuck Norris doesn't know how to fight, but he does know how to kill with his fists.
Chuck Norris doesn't know how to play golf, he just tells the ball where to go and it does. Chuck Norris is a scratch golfer.
Chuck Norris doesn't know the meaning of wartime - all he knows is gametime.
Chuck Norris doesn't lie. He bends the truth with his massive biceps and roundhouse kicks anyone who dares to question it.
Chuck Norris doesn't like Jared from Subway. He was quoted as saying, "I can't respect anyone that eats sandwiches to lose weight. Jared is a bitch."
Chuck Norris doesn't like Pina Coladas because the are for pussies, and states that, "Getting caught in the rain would only happen to a retard."
Chuck Norris doesn't like the idea of having a last name.  That's why he had his name legally changed from Chuck Norris, to Chuck Norris, with Norris being his second first name.
Chuck Norris doesn't like to be fucked by anyone except Mrs. Wallace.
Chuck Norris doesn't like to play the team mode of the video game "Halo." If you're unlucky enough to find yourself on his team, it'll only be about .43 seconds until you're dead and the the words "Betrayed by Chuck Norris" appear on the screen.
Chuck Norris doesn't like your attitude, and there's nothing you can do about it.
Chuck Norris doesnt look at the toilet paper after he wipes.
Chuck Norris doesn't look both ways before crossing the street. People driving do.
Chuck Norris doesn't lose weight; he discards it intentionally.
Chuck Norris doesn't love Raymond.
Chuck Norris doesn't make love to his wife, he just gets less angry at her.
Chuck Norris doesn't need a bat to play baseball. He takes a viagra and is good for 9 innings.
Chuck Norris doesn't need a language translator; language translates itself for Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris doesn't need a miracle in order to split the ocean. He just walks in and the water gets the fuck out of the way.
Chuck Norris doesn't need any reflexes, Chuck Norris can freeze time.
Chuck Norris doesn't need a penis, he can impregnate women by just looking at them. However, he still have the largest one in the history of mankind.
Chuck Norris doesn't need a shot of coffee to get going in the morning, he just needs a shot of lead to get going.
Chuck Norris doesn't need birth control. His sperm destroys the egg.
Chuck Norris doesn't need condoms, because when he has an orgasm, his partner blows up.
Chuck Norris doesn't need oxygen. He only inhales in order to absorb the ashes of his enemies in his lungs. And exhaling? That's because he doesn't want to shit.
Chuck Norris doesn't need tickets to the gun show because he is the main event.
Chuck Norris doesn't need to be logged in to vote.
Chuck Norris doesn't need to masturbate. His penis jerks itself off.
Chuck Norris doesn't need to use email or a cell phone.  He only communicates through pain.  
Chuck Norris doesn't need to use the toilet because he beats enough shit out of other people.
Chuck Norris doesn't need to use toilet paper because shit is too scared to stick to his ass.
Chuck Norris doesn't need wings to fly. Gravity is afraid of him.
Chuck Norris doesn't open doors, he just stares at them until they fall down.
Chuck Norris doesn't own a cell phone. He just yells.
Chuck Norris doesn't own any odd-socks. They stay together out of fear.
Chuck Norris doesn't play football, he merely runs across the field and the other players bow in his presence.
Chuck Norris doesn't play "hide-and-seek." He plays "hide-and-pray-I-don't-find-you."
Chuck Norris doesn't play Hide and Seek, he plays Hunt and Destroy.
Chuck Norris doesn't pop his collar, his shirts just get erections when they touch his body.
Chuck Norris doesn't pray because he can deal with his own problems.
Chuck Norris doesn't pray. God asks him to fill out a comment card.
Chuck Norris doesn't put his pants on one leg at a time. He roundhouse kicks into them.
Chuck Norris doesn't put lights on his Christmas tree. He just lights it on fire.
Chuck Norris doesn't rape because he can get anyone to comply.
Chuck Norris doesn't read books. He stares them down until he gets the information he wants.
Chuck Norris doesn't read obituaries because he is the number one contributor to them.
Chuck Norris doesn't rely on a "pussy ass immune system", as he calls it. Instead there is a school of piranha that inhabits his circulatory system.
Chuck Norris doesn't rip apart phone books, he rips apart encyclopedia sets.
Chuck Norris doesnt see dead people. He makes people dead.
Chuck Norris doesn't see problems. Chuck Norris only sees victims.
Chuck Norris doesn't see the color red, he hears it.
Chuck Norris doesnt shave; he kicks himself in the face. The only thing that can cut Chuck Norris is Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris doesn't shave...he stares at his beard in the mirror and the hair jumps off his face in fear.
Chuck Norris doesn't shit bricks.  He shits twenty-foot long steel I-beams.
Chuck Norris doesn't shoot skeets; he just points at them while in flight, and they explode. He has never missed.
Chuck Norris doesn't sit down; chairs kiss his ass.
Chuck Norris doesn't sleep. Instead, each night he listens to "Afternoon Delight" on repeat while staring at himself mirror and lip syncing until he feels ready to kick ass another day.
Chuck Norris doesn't smash beer cans on his forehead, instead he stares them down till they shrink in fear.
Chuck Norris doesn't speak English. He speaks "Chuckish" which coincidentally is exactly the same as English.
Chuck Norris doesn't speak. He thinks words towards his foot and then roudhouse-kicks them at your brain.
Chuck Norris doesn't start fights. He initiates genocides.
Chuck Norris doesnt step on toes, he steps on necks.
Chuck Norris doesn't supply collateral, only collateral damage. 
Chuck Norris doesn't take out the garbage, the garbage man climbs down his chimney and takes it out himself.
Chuck Norris doesn't take showers, he runs until the sweat cleans him up.
Chuck Norris doesn't take the bus - he takes off his shirt and flexes his pectoral muscles fast enough to generate lift, allowing him to fly.
Chuck Norris doesnt teabag girls, he ransacks them.
Chuck Norris doesn't tea-bag, he potato-sacks.
Chuck Norris doesn't tie his shoes, they know they better just hang the fuck on.
Chuck Norris doesn't tip cows, he tips elephants.
Chuck Norris doesn't trust anyone further than he can throw them... As a result, he is the most trusting person on earth.
Chuck Norris doesn't trust anything he can't kill. Because of this, Chuck Norris trusts everyone but ghosts, but hes working on a way to roundhouse kick them to death too.
Chuck Norris doesn't trust mirrors because there can only be one Chuck.
Chuck Norris doesn't try, he succeeds.
Chuck Norris doesn't turn his cell phone off while at the theater.
Chuck Norris doesn't understand why you should consult your doctor if your erection lasts for more than 4 hours. His erections have been known to last for up to 15 days.
Chuck Norris doesn't use a cell phone. He just shouts.
Chuck Norris doesn't use an alarm clock. He wakes himself up at the appropriate time every morning by screaming "BREEP BREEP BREEP".
Chuck Norris doesn't use a preist to exorcise his demons. He swallows his fist and beats the demon out of him.
Chuck Norris doesn't use a remote. He scares the TV into changing the channel.
Chuck Norris doesn't use band-aids. He uses duck tape.
Chuck Norris doesn't use cellphones. His voice is loud enough for all to hear.
Chuck Norris doesn't use cordial, he uses WD-40.
Chuck Norris doesn't use emoticons when he's online, he simply slams his fist through the screen to emphasize his point.
Chuck Norris doesn't use pickup lines, he simply says, "Now."
Chuck Norris doesn't use salt and pepper. He uses cyanide and battery acid.
Chuck Norris doesnt use shaving cream and he never cuts himself. Ever.
Chuck Norris doesn't use toilets. His colon actually compresses his waste to the point of nuclear fusion. The resulting energy is converted into electricity which powers Las Vegas.
Chuck Norris doesn't use toothpicks, he punches himself in the teeth until the chunks of food run for their lives.
Chuck Norris doesn't use weapons because Chuck Norris is the ultimate weapon.
Chuck Norris doesn't wait for oppurtunity to come knocking. He roundhouse kicks it till he gets all that he wants.
Chuck Norris doesn't wait for the beep, he yells into the phone and your phone explodes. Don't ever reject a call from Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris doesn't wake at the crack of dawn, The dawn cracks when Chuck Norris wakes.
Chuck Norris doesn't walk on water, he makes water stand under him.
Chuck Norris doesn't walk on water, the water kisses his feet.
Chuck Norris doesn't wear his heart on his sleeve. He will however wear your heart on his sleeve if you ever make the mistake of touching his beard.
Chuck Norris doesn't wear pants, instead he opted to have the design tattooed onto his lower body. Thus giving the skin tight look everybody loves, without hindering the successful completion of his roundhouse kick. Also, His belt buckle is a piercing.
Chuck Norris doesn't wear pants or shoes.  He was born with denim-coated legs and feet made of fine leather.
Chuck Norris doesn't worry about gas prices because Chuck Norris' car doesn't need gas to run. Chuck justs gets in his car and tells it to run.
Chuck Norris doesn't worry about rising gas prices. That is because Chuck doesn't use conventional fuel. He simply ejaculates into his gas tank and his car runs perfect for three months of continuous use.
Chuck Norris does the Tango by himself.
Chuck Norris' dog is trained to pick up his own poop because Chuck Norris will not take shit from anyone.
Chuck Norris donates all proceeds from the Total Gym to his Children Without Beards organization.
Chuck Norris draws more blood than the Red Cross.
Chuck Norris' drink of choice is rubbing alcohol.
Chuck Norris drinks a concoction of liquid hot magma, gasoline, and Tropicana Pure Premium Original Orange Juice. Don't give Norris any pulp, or he'll give you the roundhouse.
Chuck Norris drinks a pint of arsenic a day in an attempt to feel.
Chuck Norris drinks a special shake every morning for breakfast, the ingredients of which include yak milk, strawberry, banana, pineapple, a sprinkle of Bruce Lee's cremated remains, and two fetuses. He says the fetuses make it extra creamy.
Chuck Norris drinks gasoline.
Chuck Norris drinks his own urine, but not because it gives him superpowers. It's because he enjoys the taste.
Chuck Norris drinks his scotch on the rocks. With real rocks.
Chuck Norris drinks liquid marijuana. He's that wild.
Chuck Norris drinks milk and shits yogurt.
Chuck Norris drinks napalm to quell his heart burn.
Chuck Norris drinks straight from the fire hydrant.
Chuck Norris drinks urine and pisses pure water. All of the fresh water on earth comes from him.
Chuck Norris' drivers license photo looks professionally done.
Chuck Norris drives a car made entirely of "Support our troops" ribbons which is powered solely by patriotism. Reportedly the car gets seventy miles to the gallon and has enough room in the trunk to house entire senate meetings.
Chuck Norris drives an ice cream truck covered in human skulls.
Chuck Norris drives a pickup truck upholstered in denim.
Chuck Norris drives around in a Mazda Miata just to find gay guys to roundhouse kick.
Chuck Norris drives Optimus-Prime to work.
Chuck Norris eats all the cereal featured in those Total commercials.  The ones with like 50 bowls stacked full of Raisin Bran.  He then spends 3 months in the bathroom, and doesn't need to eat again until the following spring
Chuck Norris eats babies and craps Marines.
Chuck Norris eats babies and shits Delta Force team members.
Chuck Norris eats babies and shits full-grown men.
Chuck Norris eats beef jerky and shits gun powder. Then he uses that gun powder to make a bullet, which he uses to kill a cow and make more beef jerky. Some people refer to this as the "Circle of Life".
Chuck Norris eats carnivores for breakfast.
Chuck Norris eats coal and shits diamonds.
Chuck Norris eats eight meals a day. Seven are steak, and the last is the rest of the cow.
Chuck Norris eats Ewoks for breakfast.
Chuck Norris eats Failure for breakfast, and shits out Success less than one hour later.
Chuck Norris eats fire and then poops out pure gold.
Chuck Norris eats glass, babies, and Everclear for breakfast.
Chuck Norris eats his birthday cake without blowing out the candles. He has but one wish, and he has already asked once, he is a patient man. When asked about that one wish, he shakes his head. He knows the rules, he is not telling anyone his wish.
Chuck Norris eats his cereal out of the bottom of Terri Schiavo's skull.
Chuck Norris eats his eggs raw. With the shells on.
Chuck Norris eats live barracudas.
Chuck Norris eats lunch for breakfast.
Chuck Norris eats members of the Ku Klux Klan for lunch every Thursday.
Chuck Norris eats nails for lunch and dinner. He's too tough to eat breakfast.
Chuck Norris eats one Arab an hour and will continue to do so until the hostages in the Middle East are released. The catch? The hostages are being held by Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris eats orphans with milk for breakfast, followed by a nice warm drink of blood. Chuck Norris likes balanced breakfasts.
Chuck Norris eats pencils and markers for breakfast, and he shits out masterpieces.
Chuck Norris eats pills that contain fatal diseases for breakfast.
Chuck Norris eats pirates and shits ninjas.
Chuck Norris eats random facts for brunch.
Chuck Norris eats sheet metal and shit's out mid-sized SUVs.
Chuck Norris eats steak for every single meal.  Most times he forgets to kill the cow.
Chuck Norris eats the core of an apple first.
Chuck Norris eats the red ones first.
Chuck Norris eats three square meals a day.  His beard eats seven.
Chuck Norris eats through his ass and craps out of his mouth.
Chuck Norris eats tiger hearts every morning for strength, power, and wisdom. He eates men's hearts for sport.
Chuck Norris eats Transformer toys in vehicle mode and poops them out transformed into a robot.
Chuck Norris eats Viagra only so that he can have an extra loaded weapon on him at all times.
Chuck Norris ejaculated into the pacific ocean, the impact of his shot created a major catastrophe that the media described to us as the Tsunami.
Chuck Norris ejaculates C-4 explosives and uses his manly emissions to eliminate inner city pre-schools.
Chuck Norris ejaculates full grown lumberjacks and pirates.
Chuck Norris ejaculates nails, and he giggles everytime someone asks,"so did you nail'er?"
Chuck Norris ejaculates shotgun shells. This is the reason why 5 prostitutes have been found D.O.A. with their face blown off in Texas.
Chuck Norris embodies the only matter known to have escaped a black hole.
Chuck Norris ended the Civil War with a massive roundhouse kick the he referred to as the Emancipation Proclamation.
Chuck Norris ended the Never-ending Story...because Chuck Norris doesn't believe in reading.
Chuck Norris ends every relationship with "It's not me, it's you".
Chuck Norris' endzone dance involves him grabbing the ground, pulling it out, and spiking it on the ball.
Chuck Norris enjoys hand jobs from lobsters.
Chuck Norris enjoys having sex with AIDS patients just so he can contract the disease; beat it, and brag to people that the only cure for AIDS is being Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris enjoys hunting for rabid, vicious tigers with his  cork rifle.
Chuck Norris enjoys long walks on the beach and staring into the sun while eating thumb tacks.
Chuck Norris enjoys popcorn at the movies, but is always disappointed with the portions. Upon threatening management with roundhouse kicks they quickly introduced a new sizing scale for the buttery treat: small, medium, large, and Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris enjoys the BBC drama series "Hustle." So much so, he has adopted the series tag-line "You can't con an honest man", and applied it to himself. Only, he has modified it slightly to read, "You can't eat an honest 6 year old."
Chuck Norris enjoys the fine art of grabbling, sticking your hand in the water and letting a fish bite it, and then pulling the fish out of the water. Chuck Norris enjoys doing this with Great White sharks.
Chuck Norris entered a $5,000 crossword puzzle contest. He won, and the word SLENT was added to all dictionaries as an acceptable synonym for smell.
Chuck Norris entered a cookie baking contest. He killed three virgins, ground their bones and used it for flour. He plucked the eyes of puppies for the chocolate chips. He conquered a small African village and used their suffering to make the sugar. He won the contest. The secrete ingredient was love.
Chuck Norris entered an arm wrestling tournament. After killing dozens of contenders, he was matched up against himself and subsequently ripped himself in half.
Chuck Norris enters a McDonald's without shoes or sandals, and still gets service
Chuck Norris, every day for breakfast, consumes 8 to 10 gallons of crude oil as a supplement to milk. His only remark to the public regarding his nutrition plan was, "It's just as healthy as milk, only cheaper." He gets 18 miles to the gallon.
Chuck Norris' evil twin was known as Stalin. When confronted by his less communist twin, Stalin became angry and attempted to lead his troops to slaughter Chuck Norris. The fall of communism soon resulted.
Chuck Norris exisits only beacuse he kicked a man so hard that he flew back in time and fell in love with his mother.
Chuck Norris expected the Spanish Inquisition.
Chuck Norris' face can make a grown man cry, and his fist can then punch that man in the face for being such a whiny bitch.
Chuck Norris' face grew from his beard and his body followed shortly after.
Chuck Norris' facial hair housed 144 hurricane evacuees. It is not as much as the Astrodome but it has its own strip mall, police station, and dojo to practice kickboxing.
Chuck Norris' facial hair is known to cut diamonds.
Chuck Norris' family crest is a picture of a baracudda eating Neil Armstrong.
Chuck Norris' farts have no methane, but still kills the atmosphere in Texas. Thats why Al Gore won't visit there.
Chuck Norris farts mustard gas.
Chuck Norris' farts rival the most deadly nerve gases
Chuck Norris' favorite breakfast cereal is Kellog's Marbles n' Gravel.<br />
Chuck Norris' favorite color is cold blood.
Chuck Norris' favorite color is revenge.
Chuck Norris' favorite food is pain.
Chuck Norris' favorite food is the Flying Spaghetti Monster.
Chuck Norris' favorite hobby is winning.
Chuck Norris' favorite meal is fried bald eagle.
Chuck Norris' favorite smell is that of his opponents soiled pants.
Chuck Norris' favourite colour is pain.
Chuck Norris' feces sell on eBay for a higher price than PlayStation 3's.
Chuck Norris' feces smells like bakery fresh cinnamon rolls.
Chuck Norris feels no attraction to men or women, only to hyper intelligent shades of blue.
Chuck Norris' feet accounted for more damage in 2005 than both the war in Iraq and Hurricane Katrina.
Chuck Norris' feet can touch the deep end in any pool
Chuck Norris fell off the Empire State Building while roundhouse kicking Fred Durst. Chuck banged every girl in the building on his way down and landed on Ruben Studdard to break the fall.
Chuck Norris fights illiteracy one North Vietnamese at a time
Chuck Norris filled the earth's oceans when he shook his beard dry after a sparring session with Thor.
Chuck Norris filmed all 202 episodes of Walker: Texas Ranger in a day. However, this is not actually an achievement of Norris', all the episodes were actually assembled using the same 15 minutes of Chuck Norris footage.
Chuck Norris finally thought he'd discovered a worthy competitor after watching an old Superman movie. Half an hour later, he went home disappointed, leaving Christopher Reeve paralyzed from the neck down.
Chuck Norris finds it difficult to maintain a tan as he is impervious to all forms of radiation.
Chuck Norris finds praise in even the worst of criticism.
Chuck Norris finished his career with a .967 batting average, 1,828 home runs, and 10,073 RBI's. He accomplished this feat by hitting the ball solely with a roundhouse kick.
Chuck Norris finishes Everlasting Gobstopers.
Chuck Norris fired Donald Trump.
Chuck Norris first appeared on TV when he was 8 years old, doing a musical number on the show 'Star Search'.  When Chuck Norris' musical number started he just roundhouse kicked one of the judges in the face.  He then remained motionless for the last two minutes of the song while smiling and giving the thumbs up.  Chuck Norris would have won but, due to paralysis, judge number three just made gurgling noises when he tried to tell Chuck Norris he received a perfect score.
Chuck Norris' first driver's license recently sold on e-bay for $800,000. It lists his age as 9.
Chuck Norris' first girlfriend died from exaustion. As did his second, and any girl up until now. In fact, the only thing more deadly than pissing off Chuck Norris is having sex with him. Despite this fact, Chuck Norris deflowers, and therefore terminates, an average of 498 virgins a day.
Chuck Norris' first girlfriend gave him the nickname 7-11, being that he was 7 inches limp and 11 hard.  They broke up when he was 8.
Chuck Norris' first job in the movies was on "The Exorcist". His job was to roundhouse kick Linda Blair in the face every time the scene called for her head to spin around. They asked him to leave after decapitating three stunt doubles.
Chuck Norris' first job was working at a national park. He saved suicidal lemmings by throwing his penis over the cliff, filling the valley below.
Chuck Norris' first word was "Total Gym".
Chuck Norris fishes by cutting himself and then jumping into shark-infested waters.
Chuck Norris' five o' clock shadow appears at noon.
Chuck Norris fixed a broken mirror by simply looking at it.
Chuck Norris fixed the hole in the ozone layer.
Chuck Norris floats like a butterfly and stings like a tomahawk missile. At mach 3. In the face.
Chuck Norris flosses his teeth with babies.
Chuck Norris flosses with barbed wire.
Chuck Norris flosses with razor wire.
Chuck Norris forces himself to have a heart attact twice a year, so he can keep tricking the world into believing he's actually human.
Chuck Norris forever altered the course of rock music when, upon request, he personally dispatched Pete Best from the Beatles and Syd Barret from Pink Floyd.
Chuck Norris' fortune cookies tell him anything he wants.
Chuck Norris fought a cloud once because it rained on him.
Chuck Norris fought and won a battle at the Red Sea, which was originally a blue sea.
Chuck Norris fought Gandhi in the very first Ultimate Fighting Championship and won in less than 15 seconds by crushing Gandhi's rib cage with a single punch. Later, officials questioned the validity of the match, as it took place in Gandhi's home, while he was asleep.  
Chuck Norris fought Santa to the death. Needless to say, every boy and girl got a pair of tight blue jeans and leather boots for Christmas this year.
Chuck Norris fought the law, and he won.
Chuck Norris fought the law, and the law did not win. Shortly thereafter, Chuck Norris became the law.
Chuck Norris fought the law and the law hasn't been seen since.
Chuck Norris fought the law, and the law never fought back. 
Chuck Norris found a box of matches labeled strike anywhere. He proceeded to roundhouse kick a cow in Patrick O'Leary's barn, it fell into a lantern, and that is how the Great Chicago Fire started.
Chuck Norris found a loophole in the Laws of Physics.
Chuck Norris found Carmen Sandiego.
Chuck Norris found four dingle-berries hanging off his butt.  He trimmed them with nail clippers and they grew into the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.
Chuck Norris found Nemo.
Chuck Norris found Nemo... then gave that damn fish a roundhouse kick to the face and deep-fried it. His beard then grew twice as thick.
Chuck Norris found out about Conan O'Brien's lever that shows clips from "Walker: Texas Ranger" and is working on a way to make it show clips of Norris having sex with Conan's wife.
Chuck Norris found the corner of a circle.
Chuck Norris found the cure to cancer a long time ago. he didn't tell anyone, stating it would "be funnier this way".
Chuck Norris found the word "ain't" in the dictionary.
Chuck Norris found Waldo, beat the shit out of him, and chained him to a radiator so he couldn't ever run away again.
Chuck Norris found weapons of mass destruction in Iraq by looking in a mirror.
Chuck Norris framed OJ.
Chuck Norris framed Roger Rabbit.
Chuck Norris freed the slaves, stormed the beaches of Normandy, and invented Internet porn, but not even Chuck Norris can save the Oakland Raiders.
Chuck Norris frequently burns down art museums because he believes the only legitimate arts are martial.
Chuck Norris frequently donates blood to the Red Cross. Just never his own.
Chuck Norris frequently signs up for beginner karate classes, just so he can "accidentally" beat the shit out of little kids. 
Chuck Norris frequents the San Diego zoo for his favorite past time event - teabagging the baby giraffes.
Chuck Norris fucked a black hole to just prove his dick was long enough.
Chuck Norris fucked a cat. He was later quoted as saying, "Pussy is pussy." 
Chuck Norris fucked a duck. The result was a destructive flying beard with a nuclear quack.
Chuck Norris fucked your wife while you were out of town on a business trip. Tough shit.
Chuck Norris fucks before the first date.
Chuck Norris fucks fat chicks as charity.  Then, if his friends ask him about it, he roundkicks them in head, thereby erasing any knowledge or memory of the event.
Chuck Norris fucks on the first date.
Chuck Norris fully understands the plot of The Matrix, Revolver, and Donnie Darko. Don't ask him about what the hell is going on in these films though or all you will get is a roundhouse kick to the face. After this you will not even understand the plot of Titanic.
Chuck Norris gargles with anti-freeze.
Chuck Norris gave asexual, immaculate birth to MacGyver simply because there was not yet a person to compare Chuck Norris to. When MacGyver got popular, Chuck Norris ate him whole.
Chuck Norris gave birth to the Incredible Hulk.
Chuck Norris gave cats nine lives so he could kill them more.
Chuck Norris gave himself a lethal injection of potassium chloride to see if it would give him a buzz.
Chuck Norris gave Kyle MacDonald the red paperclip.
Chuck Norris gave Mona Lisa that smile.
Chuck Norris gave Prince his name back.
Chuck Norris gave the Trix Rabbit a bowl of Trix.  Then he roundhouse kicked the group of kids for not sharing.
Chuck Norris gave up golf after scoring 18 holes in one.<br />
Chuck Norris gave West Nile Virus AIDS.
Chuck Norris' genes aren't DNA. They're barbed wire.
Chuck Norris gets a 40% discount on "Sucky-Sucky" when he visits Vietnam.
Chuck Norris gets his 5 o'clock shadow at 3:15.
Chuck Norris gets his eggs sunny on both sides- one side with a yolk and the other side with a fully developed chick glued to it.
Chuck Norris gets more ass than every toilet seat in the universe combined.
Chuck Norris gets the news by dreaming.
Chuck Norris' girlfriend is actually a blown up doll of himself, which he still, in fact, "slaps around".
Chuck Norris gives 95% of the women he bones multiple orgasms. He gives the rest concussions.
Chuck Norris gives Freddy Krueger nightmares.
Chuck Norris gives his wife a heart every Valentine's day. It is always special because he rips it out of someone's chest himself.
Chuck Norris gives the death a wedgie everyday at two O'clock.
Chuck Norris goes bowling with Jesus Christ and Jeff Goldblum every Thursday night. They smoke doobies every once and a while, and pee on the sides of buildings. 
Chuck Norris goes in through the Out door.
Chuck Norris goes king crab fishing in the Bering Sea using a kayak.
Chuck Norris goes SCUBA diving with a Ziploc bag and a bendy straw.
Chuck Norris goes shark fishing every week. He just rolls around in blood and then goes surfing.
Chuck Norris goes to the toilet once a month, if he needs to or not.
Chuck Norris goes uphill skiing.
Chuck Norris got a 40 on his ACT.
Chuck Norris got a letter in the mail one day from his "biggest fan" asking for his autograph. This happened to be a woman. Chuck Norris went to her house, fucked her, and then he round house kicked her to the face. Surprisingly, as she died, she gave birth to Vin Diesel.
Chuck Norris got a man pregnant.
Chuck Norris got a PS6 the day the PS3 was launched.
Chuck Norris got a vasectomy just to prove his sperm could still get through.
Chuck Norris got banned from the state of Florida after he roundhouse kicked a dolphin at Seaworld.
Chuck Norris got drunk and fucked the Statue of Liberty, then bragged about it to the Lincoln Memorial.
Chuck Norris got drunk at a bar and passed out. Luckily, his beard called him a cab, directed the driver to the correct address, and finally roundhouse kicked its way through Norris' front door. When Chuck awoke the next morning, he noticed breakfast and the daily paper by his bedside. Chucks beard thanks god for every day it remains unshaven and continues to recognize who it works for.
Chuck Norris got hit by a train once. The train never made that mistake again.
Chuck Norris got hungry and walked into Burger King.  When he walked out, the place was just Burger, and he was the King.
Chuck Norris got in touch with his feminine side, and promptly got her pregnant.
Chuck Norris got rid of his AIDS with anti-virus software.
Chuck Norris got sick of hearing Michael Jackson's hit song Thriller, so he gave hime a roundhouse kick to the balls. Micheal Jackson's voice became permantely high pitched; he lost all color pigments in his skin; and his nose fell off.
Chuck Norris graduated from Harvard in 1962 with a degree in "Kicking The Shit Out Of The Dean's Mother."
Chuck Norris graduated high school with a 6.0.
Chuck Norris' Greatest Hits contains no songs. The tracks are the sounds of Chuck beating the living crap out of various bad guys. Even the WAL~MART edited version has a parental advisiory.<br />
Chuck Norris guest stars in the upcoming live action movie Transformers. He transforms into a giant boot that stomps on all the Transformers.
Chuck Norris had 98 kills in Vietnam and he wasn't even there.
Chuck Norris had AIDS.  Then he said, 'Do you not know who I am?'  Chuck has been AIDS-free ever since.
Chuck Norris had a medical procedure to remove his vestigial tail to increase the velocity of his roundhouse kicks. NASA then used the removed bone to make a special drill for pulverizing moon rocks.
Chuck Norris had an extra toe added to each foot so his kicks would hurt more.
Chuck Norris had a twin brother, but killed him in the womb when he first learned how to kick.
Chuck Norris had been the first action star approached to be the original Terminator. They filmed over 90% of the movie with Chuck, but had to scrap it in the end because Chuck was just too indestructible and test audiences simply couldn't believe he could be bested by Linda Hamilton.  
Chuck Norris had his own version of Punk'd. Only in his version, he would walk around and roundhouse kick people in the throats.
Chuck Norris had no co-stars on the set of Walker: Texas Ranger. He played every role, even the hot chick.
Chuck Norris had only one son. He is the Green Power Ranger.
Chuck Norris had seven children. Four of them went on to become doctors. The other three were delicious.
Chuck Norris had sex with a bear... from the INSIDE.
Chuck Norris had sex with a Mack truck once, the result was Optimus Prime.
Chuck Norris had sex with a rhino, resulting in the birth of monstrous animal that kills all living organisms in its path - with its beard.
Chuck Norris had sex with your mom, and your dad gave him a high five.
Chuck Norris had the head-gear braces when he was 13. Tired of being made fun of by the retarted kids, at 14, he roundhouse kicked the head-gear off and roundhouse kicked his teeth into place. Chuck Norris' teeth are now the base for all teeth transplants.
Chuck Norris had to go back in time and sleep with his own mother. Why? Because only the seed of Chuck Norris was able to make someone as perfect as Chuck Norris. On a side note Chuck Norris has webbed feet.
Chuck Norris had two penises, feeling embarrassed by the small size of the second one he cut it off. It now roams free where it wants. There has been sightings of it on the Tommy Lee Sex Tape.
Chuck Norris had wonton sex with Courtney Love. Nine hours later she gave birth to Jay and Silent Bob.
Chuck Norris' hair is more addictive than heroin.
Chuck Norris' hand belongs to a sacred Indian tribe called Slapaho.
Chuck Norris' hand is the only hand that can beat a royal flush.
Chuck Norris hangs out on the African plains just for the heck of it. And to eat yuppies on safari.
Chuck Norris' happy trail extends from his chin to his taint.
Chuck Norris has 118,453 friends on myspace. It is an unspoken agreement that when you join his list of friends, you are actually placing your name on his list of death, but Chuck Norris' friends do not care. To die by the hand of Chuck is an honor.
Chuck Norris has 189 STDs, including 6 only found in sharks.
Chuck Norris has 360 degree peripheral vision.
Chuck Norris has +500 to attack and does 5000d20 damage.
Chuck Norris has 7 Predator skulls mounted on his wall.
Chuck Norris has 92 chromosomes rather than the normal 46, meaning he is scientifically twice as good as any other human in existence.  
Chuck Norris has 9mm bullets for breakfast. He hires a marksman to fire the bullets into his mouth and then eats the marksman afterward.
Chuck Norris has a 6th, and probably a 7th sense.
Chuck Norris has a bidet in his bathroom that would render most men sterile.
Chuck Norris has a bowl of awesome for breakfast every morning, along with a glass of freshly squeezed Siberian tigers, which he squeezes himself.
Chuck Norris has a button that can destroy the world. But he knows he can do a better job than any button.
Chuck Norris has a choir of angels follow him around and sing his praises because God needed a break.
Chuck Norris has actually visited the moon on four separate occasions, each time saving Mars by jump kicking through the windscreen of communist shuttles and punching Stalin clones in the ovaries.
Chuck Norris has a dick so big his wife had to have her jaw surgically unhinged to give him a blow-job. Tragically, when Chuck came, she drowned.
Chuck Norris has a heart of Gold. Really, 24k gold.
Chuck Norris has a hot or not rating of 1,000,000.
Chuck Norris has a house that is in fact round.
Chuck Norris has a huge penis. It growls whenever it wants to be fed.
Chuck Norris has a lever next to his desk which, when pulled, plays a random Conan O'Brian clip.
Chuck Norris has a Live Strong wristband made out of rusty barbed wire.
Chuck Norris has a mechanical efficiency of 128.
Chuck Norris has a mullet. Laugh about it, he fucking dares you.
Chuck Norris has a Myspace account. His home page is most well known as the internet.
Chuck Norris has an all over body tattoo of himself, only taller.
Chuck Norris has a new show coming out called "Chuck Norris' Believe it or Else...". The whole premise is that Chuck goes around and tells people outrageous lies and if they call him on it he kills them.
Chuck Norris has an Indian in his family tree... and it's still hanging there.
Chuck Norris has an ongoing feud with the Keebler elves. It started when they stole his idea for putting a kitchen in a tree. While the elves now make subpar cookies in the tree, Chuck's tree contains a fully functioning crystal meth lab.
Chuck Norris has a penis like a Pringles can.  When flaccid.
Chuck Norris has a penis so long that he was the first man to win an Olympic medal for pole vaulting without the use of a pole.
Chuck Norris has a perfect smile, but a bitch like you gives him nothing to smile about.
Chuck Norris has a pet chipmunk named Boris Norris. If you tell Chuck that it's cute that Boris rhymes with Norris, he rhymes "your head" with "roundhouse kick." He then gives Boris a cookie for his troubles.
Chuck Norris has a reinforced titanium toilet, as his urine is shot out with such amazing force it would shatter a standard porcelain toilet.
Chuck Norris has a special ability to turn fruits into vegetables, all he has to do is send a fatal roundhouse kick to break the gay person's neck.
Chuck Norris has a sportcoat made out of "remove under the penalty of law" matress tags.
Chuck Norris has a stare that turns goat piss into gasoline.
Chuck Norris has a stereogram tattoo.
Chuck Norris has a sweet tooth. For blood.
Chuck Norris has a tattoo above his pelvis that reads, tastes great, more filling.
Chuck Norris has a third testicle. He cut it off himself, shaved it, and threw it into the ocean. It's now commonly known as the continant of Australia.
Chuck Norris has attempted a cannonball dive only once in his life. There is no longer liquid water on Mars.
Chuck Norris has a "Viet-cong" skin in front of his fireplace insted of a bear skin.
Chuck Norris has a Wrangler belt in karate.
Chuck Norris has beaten more people in hand to hand combat then you have seen in your entire life.
Chuck Norris has bed sheets that are made from 60 grade sandpaper.
Chuck Norris has been Around The World in 80 minutes.
Chuck Norris has been called the greatest Cold Warrior of all time. In fact, Russia still has a restraining order.
Chuck Norris has been doing it for so long that his "Whoop Ass" still comes in a mason jar.
Chuck Norris has been forever banned from Blockbuster for taping over the ending of every movie to include himself.
Chuck Norris has been in every porn video since 1985.
Chuck Norris has been known to fry Bacon in the nude.  Kevin Bacon that is.
Chuck Norris has been known to keep his solid waste in shoe boxes, and send them to Goodwill. By the time of delivery, they will have turned into bars of gold.
Chuck Norris has been known to penetrate multiple layers of titanium with his hard on.
Chuck Norris has been scientifically proven to be cheaper and more effective at preventing premature aging than the worlds leading beauty products. For just $20, Chuck Norris will agree to show up unannounced at your house at some point just before your 30th birthday and kill you.     
Chuck Norris has been shot 68 times in his life, but only one bullet has drawn blood. When asked later about how the that bullet broke the skin, he said, "I let that one in so I could shoot it back out of my navel."
Chuck Norris has Braille writing on his boots so that even blind people will know what's coming.
Chuck Norris has broken every bone in Wolverine's body.
Chuck Norris has brought a whole new meaning to the phrase, "Dressed to Kill."
Chuck Norris has caught every Pokemon, then he ate them.
Chuck Norris has covered his entire house in tinfoil to prevent Steven Seagal and Vin Diesel from collectively applying the force-choke to him. When applying the tinfoil, he inadvertently applied it shiny-side down, thus effectively drawing heat from the sun into his house. The resulting oven-like enclosure actually damaged his skin and deadened his nerve-endings, giving him his freakish ability to withstand pain.
Chuck Norris has Death on speed dial.
Chuck Norris has declared that the state symbol for New Jersey be "human excrement". Those who argue this will be turned into the New Jersey state symbol.
Chuck Norris has defined the word "upchuck" as when Chuck kicks someone so hard in the testicles that they vomit out their entire digestive tract.
Chuck Norris has done approximatly five hundred thousand dollars worth of damage just from kicking people out windows.
Chuck Norris has every copy of National Geographic in his basement. He also has the ability to lift every single one of them at once.
Chuck Norris has flown tons of food and medical supplies into New Orleans after Hurricane Katrina. Chuck Norris has never piloted an aircraft.
Chuck Norris has four eyes: two on his face and two right behind you, watching your every move.
Chuck Norris has fun. He keeps it in a shoebox under his bed.
Chuck Norris has gone black, and then came back.
Chuck Norris has good reasons to believe that Mary was in fact not a virgin.
Chuck Norris has good spam blockers; his right and left fists.
Chuck Norris has had anal sex with your girlfriend.
Chuck Norris has had his cake and eaten it, and now he wants yours.
Chuck Norris has had over a thousand children and he has eaten every one of them.
Chuck Norris has had plastic surgery to look more like Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris has had sex on every Total Body Gym set that has been sold in the Midwest.
Chuck Norris has hair where no other man has hair.
Chuck Norris has "hands of time" -- they'll punch you back into last Sunday or pound you into next Thursday.
Chuck Norris has his own dictionary, and it has 13 more words in it then the Webster Dictionary. It would have 14 but Chuck doesn’t know the definition of remorse.
Chuck Norris has his own movie. It's rated PG for "Pecs, Giant."
Chuck Norris has his own private fishing hole, and he kills anyone who enters it. We call this spot the Bermuda Triangle.
Chuck Norris has his own zip code and post office. This lessens risk of his mail being delivered to the wrong place which would be a deadly mistake.
Chuck Norris has in fact been convicted of over 30 felony offenses ranging from manslaughter to aggravated sodomy, but the Texas, California and Arizona Departments of Correction have granted him amnesty due to the belief that the gross amount of anal rape he would perpetrate on the prisoners would be considered cruel and unusual punishment.
Chuck Norris has infinity continues. He's never used one.
Chuck Norris has issued a press release vowing to kill the entire Internet if he reads the phrase "roundhouse kick" one more goddamn time.
Chuck Norris has just released his own version of Monopoly called Chuckopoly, and to buy a hotel on Norris Lane, it will cost you £4575, your right testicle and 47 liters of fresh cows milk from the Laughing Cow.
Chuck Norris has killed every single person who has ever called him "Chucky" except one. That person is Chuck's childhood freind, Jay Leno.
Chuck Norris has killed more men than death.
Chuck Norris has learned that he always should bang a woman instead of masturbating to satisfy his sexual needs. His last masturbation resulted in a hole on the ozone layer.
Chuck Norris has liquid gold running through his veins. 
Chuck Norris has made it his life's work to sodomize every new penguin that comes into this world. This the reason penguins can't fly.
Chuck Norris has more body hair then all three members of ZZ Top combined.
Chuck Norris has more friends than Tom.
Chuck Norris has named every muscle in his body. When someone told him his penis isn't a muscle, he punched their face through the back of their head. Little Chuck was pleased.
Chuck Norris has neither run across an irresistible force nor an immovable object.
Chuck Norris has never actually acted in a movie or television show.  The cameras just follow him around and film his real life adventures.
Chuck Norris has never and will never have a girlfriend. He goes out, finds a hot chick, has his way with her, and promises to call her the next day. It is an ongoing cycle.
Chuck Norris has never arrived at a red stop light. They are always green when he arrives
Chuck Norris has never asked for something in his entire life.  When he desires something, Christie Brinkley will blow him until he forgets.
Chuck Norris has never been able to sleep with a woman, simply because his penis has roundhouse kicked all of his attempted partners into space.
Chuck Norris has never been "away" on vacation, the places come to him.
Chuck Norris has never been charged with murder, this is becuase the government realizes he is simply cleansing the gene pool.
Chuck Norris has never been rained upon. Mother Nature can't risk those kinds of repercussions.
Chuck Norris has never been sick. Ever.
Chuck Norris has never blinked in his entire life. Never.
Chuck Norris has never cried. Ever. Even when he got a papercut.
Chuck Norris has never failed and Chuck Norris has never died. Chuck Norris has committed suicide.
Chuck Norris has never found Waldo, but vows to kick his ass when he does.
Chuck Norris has never given anyone the finger. However, it is believed that the event could flatten landscape within a 30 mile radius.
Chuck Norris has never had an alcohol problem. However, alcohol has had a Chuck Norris problem.
Chuck Norris has never harmed an innocent person. Although, his definition of "innocent" only includes himself and his mother.
Chuck Norris has never hit another man in a fight. Chuck Norris has also never lost a fight. He simply points to his foot and the opponent lays down.
Chuck Norris has never lost a game of "Rock, Paper, Scissors". This is due largely to the fact that he never uses those three objects, he just uses his hand in a karate chop manner and wins every time.
Chuck Norris has never lost at Battleship.
Chuck Norris has never met a mirror he didn't like the look of.
Chuck Norris has never owned a single piece of footwear.  Instead, his feet morph into the following forms: cowboy boots, jungle boots, iron feet, and penis.
Chuck Norris has never played a down of football in his life but is still in the Hall of Fame and holds 17 NFL records.
Chuck Norris has never played Kingdom Hearts because he says if you have a duck in a sailor outfit backing you up, you must be a pussy.
Chuck Norris has never tried. He does.
Chuck Norris has never used a condom in his entire life.
Chuck Norris has never used a question mark in his entire life. He believes that the interrogative tense is a sign of weakness.
Chuck Norris has never used a warp zone on any Super Mario game. 
Chuck Norris has nine hundred million "friends" on MySpace. All of them are too scared to remove him from their profile.
Chuck Norris has no concept of time, if you go to his house you won't find a single clock. When you ask to leave because it's getting late he stares at you blankly until you sit back down.
Chuck Norris has no mortal enemy. Who the fuck would be that stupid?
Chuck Norris has no mother. He made himself out of a peice of string, some leaves, and some pointy sticks.
Chuck Norris has no pancreas. He instead has a retroperitoneal waffle iron that excretes a pancreatic juice made of liquid vengeance.
Chuck Norris has no remote. His TV is a clapper.
Chuck Norris has no teeth. Instead food is digested in his beard and absorbed into his neck.
Chuck Norris has not killed more people than heart attacks yet, but that's only because heart attacks don't do charity work on the side.
Chuck Norris has not killed OJ Simpson, but he is currently writing a book explaining how he would.
Chuck Norris hasn't set foot in his backyard since 1985. When asked to explain this fact, he simply said, "Some wounds go too deep."
Chuck Norris has once felt the Wrath of God. It didn´t bother him much...
Chuck Norris has only broken a sweat once. Noah had to build an ark.
Chuck Norris has only ever given one thumbs down. It happened in ancient Rome during a Gladiator match. Caesar refused to make decisions without first consulting Chuck Norris. He gave the thumbs down because this particular Gladiator is the only person ever to survive a Chuck Norris roundhouse kick to the jugular. Unfortunately, Caesar didn't see his sign because of all the Romans standing and cheering and in a moment of panic, Caesar decided to allow the Gladiator to live. Rome fell the next day.
Chuck Norris has only ever given the 'thumbs-down' to one man. That man was Christopher Reeves.
Chuck Norris has only ever lost one fight. It was against Ghandi, lasted 72 days, and spanned 6 dimensions.
Chuck Norris has only failed once to remove one of his illegitimate love children. We now know him as Steve Urkel.
Chuck Norris has only lost one fight in his life. In 1997, Chuck constructed a time machine. He then proceeded to timewarp to the year 2008. There he ran into Chuck Norris of the Future, who had finally mastered the Mastadon Death grip. Chuck Norris of the past was no match.
Chuck Norris has only one favorite food: Moonshine.
Chuck Norris has only one hand: the upper hand.
Chuck Norris has only one method of transportation: death.
Chuck Norris has only visited Europe once. This tragic occasion is now referred to as the Bubonic plague. 
Chuck Norris has passed gas once. Its now known as the Bubonic Plague.
Chuck Norris has perfect death perception.
Chuck Norris has perfected faster-than-light travel. He won't give the patent to NASA until all of their employees grow beards.
Chuck Norris has pictures of you when you were older.
Chuck Norris has publicy admitted to having a threesome with the Olsen twins.
Chuck Norris has read the end of the Never-Ending story. He says it's not worth going through the book, and recommends The Hobbit instead.
Chuck Norris has recently changed his middle name to "Fucking."
Chuck Norris has recently invented the hydraulic flamethrower.
Chuck Norris has reviewed the "Guidelines When Submitting Facts" for this website and determined that the webmaster is anal. Chuck Norris told me that the site administrator cares far too much about grammar. Chuck Norris pisses on you. Chuck Norris mocks your "one space after period rule." Chuck Norris goes on to assert that your vagina is a dirty, dirty Native American burial site.<br />
Chuck Norris has secretly kept a speech for an Oscar win for the last 25 years. It starts, "I can't fucking believe this either, but..."
Chuck Norris has slept with 347 women; yet only 2 have lived to tell about it. Needless to say, it was the best sex of their lives.
Chuck Norris has slept with every woman in the world just to be absolutely sure that he has fucked your wife.
Chuck Norris has sold one clone of himself to each country in Europe, just in case the Germans ever decide to get crazy again. 
Chuck Norris has sperm so potent it is being stored in a nuclear bunker to repopulate the Earth after an Extinction Level Event.
Chuck Norris has squeezed blood from a diamond.
Chuck Norris has steel wool instead of body hair, which is why he does the dishes naked.
Chuck Norris has surfed the entire Internet in one sitting.
Chuck Norris has tasted death, but he says he likes the taste of the holy ghost better.
Chuck Norris has the 6th Golden Ticket.
Chuck Norris has the ability to morph into many forms. How do you explain all the shark attacks each year?
Chuck Norris has the ability to roundhouse kick straight down repeatedly kicking the air molecules below him at such an extreme rate that theoretically he could escape the gravitational pull of the earth.  Unfortunately Chuck Norris's beard is comparable in mass to Saturn and as a result the Earth will be pulled wherever he goes.
Chuck Norris has the chromosome "B" solely for his beard.
Chuck Norris has the copyright on each one of the many ways to skin a cat.
Chuck Norris has the greatest pitching arm in baseball history. He tore it off of Cy Young in 1941.
Chuck Norris' has the only chest on the planet that grows titanium steel.
Chuck Norris has the record for most wins on Family Double Dare. What makes this impressive is that Chuck Norris won without his family and by taking the physical challenge everytime.
Chuck Norris has the strength of ten men, if each of those them men had the strength of a bear.
Chuck Norris has the Texas flag tatooed on his nutsack.
Chuck Norris Has threatened to close this site because these facts udermine his real accomplishments.
Chuck Norris has three birthdays a year.
Chuck Norris has to carry a permit for concealed weapons every time he wears long-sleeved shirts or pants.
Chuck Norris has to jump around in the shower to get wet, not because he is skinny but because the water is afraid of him.
Chuck Norris has to maintain a concealed weapon license in all 50 states in order to legally wear pants.
Chuck Norris has to register every part of his body as a separate lethal weapon. His spleen is considered a concealed weapon in over 50 states.
Chuck Norris has to sort his laundry into three loads: darks, whites, and bloodstains.
Chuck Norris has to use a stunt double when he does crying scenes.
Chuck Norris has to use the "withdrawal" method of birth control, not to avoid pregnancy, but because his load is so powerful is always kills the woman.
Chuck Norris has trained his penis to roundhouse kick hookers in the head when they aren't sucking it properly.
Chuck Norris has two emotions: Anger and Rage.
Chuck Norris has two penises. This comes in very handy when he needs to pee during sex.
Chuck Norris has two speeds: "kill" and "fuck your girlfriend."
Chuck Norris has two speeds: kill and kill more.
Chuck Norris has two "Y" chromosomes.
Chuck Norris has vowed to destroy the Anit-Christ. Not because he loves God; he just hates wannabes.
Chuck Norris has won every contest that he's entered.  Even Miss Nude Wisconsin. 
Chuck Norris has won many fishing competitions by using no bait at all. Fish know their role.
Chuck Norris has won placing bets on the Super Bowl every year for the last 40 years. Not because he successfully picked the winning team each year, but because the bookies are too scared to tell him he was wrong.
Chuck Norris has won several pole vaulting competitions with nothing more than his penis.
Chuck Norris has written a 182-page book of poetry.  Every poem starts of with, "There once was a man from Venus."
Chuck Norris has yet to die for your sins.
Chuck Norris has yet to find footwear that does not explode when exposed to the sheer might of his feet. As such, he has developed the ability to morph his feet to mimic any type of shoe or boot, anytime.
Chuck Norris has yet to get a Jeopardy question wrong. Jesus has missed two.
Chuck Norris hated watching Wilford Brimley's Diabetes commercials so much that he blew a 90 mph load down his throat from 15 miles away. Wilford will never have low blood sugar ever again.
Chuck Norris hates Africa, so he created AIDS.
Chuck Norris hates ballerinas because they twirl all day and not a single person gets roundhouse kicked in the face.
Chuck Norris hates dogs. When he was introduced to the 101 Dalmations, he roundhouse kicked every single last one of them to death.  When asked why, he responded, "Disney movies are for pussies."
Chuck Norris hates France so much that he won't even order french fries. He orders "those long potato squares that taste yummy-yummy in my tummy." A clerk laughed as he said it one time, so Chuck calmly struck a match on his beard and lit the mother fucker on fire.
Chuck Norris hates internet piracy but he also loves his fans. If he ever catches you downloading episodes of Walker: Texas Ranger, his conflicting opinions mean that he has to shake your hand and beat you senseless at the same time.
Chuck Norris hates it when people have lisps, so he roundhouses kicks them in the throat, silencing them for all eternity.
Chuck Norris hates Kit-Kat's. Chuck Norris does not give breaks, mercy is for the weak.
Chuck Norris hates midgets and is developing a special lower version of his roundhouse kick just for them.
Chuck Norris hates Romanians. His official reason: "They're fucking Romanians." Needless to say, this resulted in the Vietnam War and the invention of the space shuttle.
Chuck Norris hates Spongebob Squarepants so much that he sucked up the ocean, roundhouse kicked his way into Spongbob's pineapple house, then used him to scrub his asshole. 
Chuck Norris hates The Beatles; two to go.
Chuck Norris hates the French.  Thats why he tricked them into building a staute of his penis.
Chuck Norris hates the movie Bend It Like Beckham. Why curve the ball around the goalie when you can kick it THROUGH him?
Chuck Norris hates the story of Robin Hood because Chuck Norris is filthy rich. If Robin Hood had tried take Chuck's money and give it to the poor, there would be no Legend of Robin Hood, only the Legend of How Chuck Norris Killed Robin Hood and Fed Him to Bears.
Chuck Norris' headbutts cure cancer. Too bad nobody has ever survived one.
Chuck Norris heard they were having rolling blackouts in Florida. He agreed to have himself hooked up to high tech machinery that could capture the energy from his roundhouse kicks. Shortly after, there were no more blackouts in Florida and the legislature adopted its state nickname: The Sunshine State.<br />
Chuck Norris hears every tree that falls in the woods.
Chuck Norris' heart beats once every week.
Chuck Norris' heart doesn't beat. His blood cells simply circulate because they are constantly looking everywhere for a way out.
Chuck Norris held the world record for the Rubik's Cube at 6 seconds until he broke it himself in 3 seconds - this time with his penis fully erect.
Chuck Norris helped Jesus through the hard times, giving him strength by quoting the Scripture. (Norris had somehow gotten his hands on an advance copy of the New Testament, but couldn't bring himself to tell Jesus how it all ended.)
Chuck Norris helped the Egyptians construct the pyramids using a primitive form of the Total Body Gym exercise machine to lift giant stone blocks up great heights.
Chuck Norris helps out NASA by throwing astronauts into space.
Chuck Norris helps the environment by using public transportation. What Chuck saves in gas, he makes up for in causing death.
Chuck Norris hides his own easter eggs, forces his self to forget where they are, and then goes to find them.
Chuck Norris hit puberty during the second trimester.
Chuck Norris hits home runs into San Francisco Bay...from Toronto.
Chuck Norris hits on 21.
Chuck Norris holds 83 NFL records. The most amazing being the longest pass and reception in NFL history which ocurred on the same play.
Chuck Norris holds the Guinness World Record for eating badgers.
Chuck Norris holds the Guinness World Record for punching babies.
Chuck Norris holds the Guinness world records for; most deaths caused by round house kicks, most chest and beard hair, most women slept with, most random facts about, and most entries in the Guinness book of World records.
Chuck Norris holds the world record for most pancakes eaten in one sitting with 11,433.
Chuck Norris holds the world record for the moon toss.
Chuck Norris holds the world record for the shortest high school graduation speech. He simply walked out, grabbed the microphone and said venomously "If the bitch don't swallow, then you need to stomp her in the gut and go get a real fucking woman! I'm sick of this shit!" He then threw the microphone to the floor and stormed off stage.
Chuck Norris' homegym punching bag is stuffed with the finger bones from hundreds of red-headed orphans.  No orphans were killed in the making of his punching bag.
Chuck Norris' home toilet is constructed of reinforced, space-age polycarbonate. Even so, his tremendous shits require him to replace the piping once every 4 weeks.
Chuck Norris' house does not have security guards.  Rather, he employs a single man in uniform to lead burglars to his bedroom, where they are never heard from again.
Chuck Norris' house has a sign at the gate that says "Beware of Snoop Dogg".
Chuck Norris' house has no doors, only walls that he walks through.
Chuck Norris' idea for alternative fuel was rejected by the EPA because the main ingredients were bald eagle heads and faberge eggs.
Chuck Norris' idea of a balanced diet is a baby in each hand.
Chuck Norris' imaginary friend can kick your ass.
Chuck Norris' immune system can fight off third world countries.
Chuck Norris' immune system once gave herpes the HIV virus.
Chuck Norris impregnated Mary. The archangel told her she carried the son of God because he thought it would put less pressure on her.
Chuck Norris. . . Impregnating virgins, and keeping them that way, since 9 Months B.C.
Chuck Norris improves an entire sweatshops productivity by 6000% by simply standing there looking intimidating, although if he ever clears his throat the sweat shop is vaporised from pure fear that he is unpleased.<br />
Chuck Norris, in an exhibitionist stage back in 1993, stuck his penis into a Gateway computer.  The computer immediately had an orgasm, and spewed out a CD.  This playable CD was later known as Halo.
Chuck Norris' incredible dance moves were the inspiration for the popular scene from Napoleon Dynamite. A copyright infringement suit was reccommended, but Chuck decided to just kill Jon Heder.
Chuck Norris individually routes Internet traffic on paper.
Chuck Norris in fact won the Madden 2005 National Competition by default after all his competitors mysteriously withdrew from the competition with roundhouse to the face related injuries.
Chuck Norris in Latin means "Death by roudhouse-kick"
Chuck Norris inspired Jesus to grow a beard.
Chuck Norris inspired the Three Stooges to ruthlessly beat each other, thus making them into the television icons they are today. Before his inspiration The Three Stooges was just a family cooking show.
Chuck Norris in the year 2042 defeated France in World War III by roundhouse kicking the entire French army back in time, their ancestors have ever since been unable to fight properly, in fear of what Chuck Norris might do the next time. 
Chuck Norris invented a computer virus that causes a roundhouse kick to pop out of your monitor and hit you in the face.  Currently, it has killed 417 people.  
Chuck Norris invented a language that incorporates karate and roundhouse kicks. So next time Chuck Norris is kicking your ass, don't be offended or hurt, he may be just trying to tell you he likes your hat.
Chuck Norris invented alcohol as a means to give people enough courage to fight him. He started to get bored with wiping brains off his boots so he invented prohibition.
Chuck Norris invented a teleportation device. However, the only place he is able to teleport is "right behind you."
Chuck Norris invented babies because he got tired of eating the same old thing.
Chuck Norris invented cable so people could watch his movies on TNT.
Chuck Norris invented cancer, AIDS, Avian flu and SARS because he likes competition.
Chuck Norris invented cigarettes so he can kill more people simultaneously.
Chuck Norris invented cigarettes to get people started on dying until he could get around to them.
Chuck Norris invented crack because he hates black people.
Chuck Norris invented death just so he could kill people.
Chuck Norris invented emo music because his death count of whiney teenagers wasn't high enough.
Chuck Norris invented emo music just to piss people off. Chuck Norris is not sorry.
Chuck Norris invented EZ Squeeze Cheeze, he got the idea from crushing a man until his intestines came out of his mouth.
Chuck Norris invented feminists just so he could give them roundhouse kicks to the face.
Chuck Norris invented fire, by roundhouse kicking two people togther at an incredably fast rate.
Chuck Norris invented gravity for his science fair project.
Chuck Norris invented guns because he didn't want to leave his porch rocking chair to kill you.
Chuck Norris invented guns, because the world was growing more populous and he realized that he couldn't be there to roundhouse kick every douchebag every time.
Chuck Norris invented guns so all challengers would have a fighting chance.
Chuck Norris invented Halloween and Pants, yet he refuses to wear pants on Halloween
Chuck Norris invented Jolt Cola after an extremely pleasuring experience with a one-eyed hooker with the same name in an attempt to recreate his orgasm in liquid form.
Chuck Norris invented kryptonite because he thought Superman was "too cocky".
Chuck Norris invented kryptonite because he thought that Superman was, "way too cocky."
Chuck Norris invented Kryptonite to prove that Superman was a pussy.
Chuck Norris invented lesbians. After reaching the epitome of manhood by sleeping with Norris, they had no choice but to begin anew with women.
Chuck Norris invented McDonalds for the sole purpose of becoming stronger. Almost daily he goes to there to practice round house kicking fat people in the face
Chuck Norris invented pain in order to have a reason to roundhouse people in the face.
Chuck Norris invented puppies.
chuck norris invented racism because he thought the world was filled with "pussies"
Chuck Norris invented STD's as a way of leaving behind something besides an unwanted pregnancy after he has sex.
Chuck Norris invented steroids so he could have some competition.
Chuck Norris invented the atmosphere for the sole purpose of having something to roundhouse kick people out of.
Chuck Norris invented the beard.  He receives several million dollars in annual royalties from Santa Claus, Jesus, Richard Dreyfuss, and Chewbacca.
Chuck Norris invented the bolt-action rifle, hard liquor, sexual intercourse, and football... in that exact order.
Chuck Norris invented the buffalo, but only to roundhouse kick it in the face.
Chuck Norris invented the Chihuahua in an attempt to perfect the football.
Chuck Norris invented the clock to keep track of his kills as they happened. Within half a day it was useless. So Chuck Norris invented time.
Chuck Norris invented the cure for polio when he was bored one day.
Chuck Norris invented the haircare product "Just For Men". He later removed it from the stores and now makes it "Just for Chuck Norris". If you ask him to share his product, he will beat you to death and eat your children.
Chuck Norris invented the hyperbolically titled "Kill the man with the ball." Chuck, however, never did see the exaggeration.
Chuck Norris invented the Internet. He only had Al Gore claim to have done it so that he could stop killing people for asking him to fix it.
Chuck Norris invented the Internet; not Al Gore. In fact, he got a roundhouse kick in the testicles for saying that he did.
Chuck Norris invented the internet so people could talk about how great Chuck Norris is.
Chuck Norris invented the internet. When a group of computer geeks said it was their invention, Chuck went to destroy their hometown. What he found was weapons of mass destruction, which he used to destroy the land of the geeks. He named it "Iraq", because he forgot how to spell "I rock".
Chuck Norris invented the iPod nano by squeezing a regular iPod between his hands.
Chuck Norris invented the iPod Nano when he realized that men with penises under 5 feet in length should have smaller iPods that he does.
Chuck Norris invented the left turn. This was so he could roundhouse kick people both ways.
Chuck Norris invented the life cycle so that he wouldn't have to repeatedly kick the asses of the same people for eternity.
Chuck Norris invented The Macarena Dance. It has been his mating call ever since.
Chuck Norris invented the measurment the "yard", as it was much more appealing to say than, "Hi, my name is Chuck Norris and my dick is three feet long."
Chuck Norris invented the middle finger gesture as a sign of disrespect to his neighbor's cat. It reminded the cat of the time Chuck Norris killed all of its kittens except the second one, which was the retarded cat.  
Chuck Norris invented the Money Shot. She has been through seventeen facial reconstructive surgeries.
Chuck Norris invented the moon. Twice.
Chuck Norris invented the Mormon religion so he could practice polygamy. His brides are sin, death, pain, and chaos. And yes, he has an orgy with them every night.
Chuck Norris invented the motion picture. He did this so he could watch himself roundhouse kick people. Someone asked why he couldn't take a regular picture, Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked them in the head.
Chuck Norris invented the pencil by compressing a lead pipe with his bare hands
Chuck Norris invented the Penguin.
Chuck Norris invented the rainbow. Soon thereafter, he roundhouse kicked that rainbow because he thought it looked gay.
Chuck Norris invented the roundhouse kick when he kicked a house around the world.
Chuck Norris invented the speed bump in 1958 when he left several corpses on a residential street and forgot to bury them in his flower garden.
Chuck Norris invented the spork.
Chuck Norris invented the spork. He then killed Colonel Sanders with it.
Chuck Norris invented the Sun to light his cigars with.
Chuck Norris invented the term fatality.
Chuck Norris invented the thumb for the sole purpose of giving "the thumbs-up", he later discovered the opposable thumb can be used for millions of other things, like giving "the thumbs-down", drinking a beer, and picking up spare change from the floor. Steven Segal was so furious at this achievment, he invented the "Big Toe", which hasn't been as big of a hit as the thumb. sorry Steve-o.
Chuck Norris invented the Total Gym while in search of a way to sculpt his wicked guns and bone chicks at the same time.
Chuck Norris invented the triangle and then used it to beat the shit out of Pythagoras.
Chuck Norris invented the vagina for his own personal use. Every woman in the world stole his idea.
Chuck Norris invented the word "beard". It used to just be called face hair.
Chuck Norris invented the word "fabulous" just so he could kill anyone who uses it.
Chuck Norris invented the word "twat", and uses it in every fourth sentance.
Chuck Norris invented time so that he would know when the last time he roundhouse kicked someone was.
Chuck Norris invented time zones in order to more efficiently schedule world wide ass kickings.
Chuck Norris invented turbans so that when he visits the Middle East there is always a towel nearby for him to wipe his sweat off on. 
Chuck Norris invented Viagra, but only so the rest of us could dream of achieving his god-like libido.
Chuck Norris invented Viagra to see if he could go from 8.5 feet to an even 10.
Chuck Norris invented video game violence for the sole reason of pissing off Democrats.
Chuck Norris invented water.
Chuck Norris invented water so he could walk on it.
Chuck Norris invented wormholes for the sole purpose of roundhouse kicking Joseph Stalin and Adolf Hitler at the same time.
Chuck Norris' iPod nano doesn't get scratches.
Chuck Norris' iron constitution and brass balls prevents him from getting through any metal detector at the airport.
Chuck Norris is 1/8th Cherokee. This has nothing to do with ancestry, the man ate a fucking Jeep.<br />
Chuck Norris is 783. The secret to his longevity, the consumption of aborted babies.
Chuck Norris is 93% perspiration, 6% electricity, 4% evaporation, and 2% butterscotch ripple.
Chuck Norris is 9 of the 12 Patriots. Two others are his finger puppets, and the last one is his cock puppet.
Chuck Norris is able to have unprotected sex with Paris Hilton and not get the clap.
Chuck Norris is accepted in more locations than Visa or American Express.
Chuck Norris is accurate to within 1 second in a million years.
Chuck Norris is actually a pseudonym taken from the millionth person he killed. Chuck Norris has been kicking ass and taking names for so long, he wanted some recognition to go along with it.
Chuck Norris is actually a robot sent from the future to kill John Connor.
Chuck Norris is actually asexual.  He reproduces similarly to salmon, in that he lays his eggs, then comes back months later to fertilize them himself.
Chuck Norris is actually in Nevada for about two weeks a year. While he's there he relaxes, gambles, and spends about four hours a day gradually kicking California away from the continental United States.
Chuck Norris is actually the love child of Willie Nelson and an mystical ninja mummy.
Chuck Norris is actually the name of the species that "Chuck Norris" belonged to. Sadly, they were poached to the brink of extinction for their beautiful beards. Only one of these Chuck Norris's survived.
Chuck Norris is actually the undefeated champion of the popular Japanese television show, "Iron Chef". His secret ingredient: love.
Chuck Norris is actually the villain in most of his movies. People just assume he's the hero because the power of his charisma causes the audience to temporarily change their moral compass to align with his character.
Chuck Norris is a famed architect; he builds cities on rock and roll.
Chuck Norris is a form of birth control.  Babies who realize they'll never grow up to be better than him kill themselves in the womb.
Chuck Norris is a fortune five-thousand company.
Chuck Norris is a hundred and fifty percent greater than we can contemplate.
Chuck Norris is allowed to talk about Fight Club.
Chuck Norris is allowed to touch the stripper during a lap dance.
Chuck Norris is a lot like fine wine because he only gets better with age, and if you hang around with him long enough, you'll probably wake up in a daze, with no money, and a boot mark imprinted in your skull.
Chuck Norris is always loaded. Chuck Norris does not point himself at anything he is not willing to destroy.
Chuck Norris is always on top during sex because Chuck Norris never fucks up.
Chuck Norris is always the father.
Chuck Norris is a Mac, PC, Linux, and FreeBSD. But not Solaris.
Chuck Norris is a man of few words. This is because his roundhouse kicks are actually a higher form of communication, but because normal humans are so far beneath Chuck in an evolutionary sense, we die when he tries to communicate.
Chuck Norris is a master at Dance Dance Revolution. If you play him and lose, he roundhouse kicks you in the face which somehow breaks your legs.
Chuck Norris is amused by the "I can has cheezburger?" cat, because he once ate a cheeseburger containing that very cat.
Chuck Norris is an anagram for "Shrink Occur". That is why your testicles feel small whenever you look upon his mighty visage.
Chuck Norris is an anagram of "Crush Rock In," which is misleading, as he actually explodes rock out.
Chuck Norris is an experienced Bow Hunter. It's quite obvious when you see what he has tied to his fence: two coyotes, four crows, a moose head, the Roswell aliens, and a sasquatch.
Chuck Norris is a sensitive soul who writes beautiful poetry under a female pseudonym. But if he ever catches you reading it, he'll kick your pansy ass.
Chuck Norris is a source of 7 essential nutrients, including vitamins, minerals and Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris is a staunch supporter of law enforcement, but when he felt that MacGruff the Crime Dog was showboating Chuck neutered him with his teeth.
Chuck Norris is a strong proponent for the advancement in science.  That is why Chuck Norris once roundhouse kicked the down's syndrome out of a retarded kid.  That kid is now known as Stephen Hawking.
Chuck Norris is automatically given the 30 extra lives when playing "Contra" without ever even touching the controls.
Chuck Norris is available for weddings and honeymoons. But only if he gets to fuck the bride.
Chuck Norris is a vegetarian. He only eats the animals that he has beaten to a vegetative state.
Chuck Norris is a vegetarian. Meaning, he does not eat animals until he first puts them into vegetative state.
Chuck Norris is a white supremacist but also lead the Black Civil Rights movement. When asked which side he really was on, Chuck replied, "The Mexicans."
Chuck Norris is a world champion in Long Distance Shitting. He once propelled a shit more than 1000 yards, where it landed perfectly in a toilet, without even making a splash. The sport was outlawed, however, after a stray shit from Norris struck a hobo 10 miles away, killing him instantly.
Chuck Norris is banging the hot girl on the internet ad at the top of this page right now.
Chuck Norris is Barry White's first, last, and everything.
Chuck Norris is believed to have single handedly created and destroyed the z-cavaricci fad.  
Chuck Norris is both blessed and cursed with the ability to destroy anything by merely by looking at it. To prevent this from happening, Chuck personally removed his eyes and now uses Bob Saget as the stick blind persons use to locate objects in their path. He can also use incredibly high pitched Karate screams as sonar.
Chuck Norris is both the cause of, and cure for cancer.
Chuck Norris is bound by law never to wink at any girl ages 14 to 32. The last time he did wink was when he was opening for a New Kids on the Block concert. As a result the 16,037 girls in attendence were imediately impregnated and each child had developed a red beard by the age of 5 days.
Chuck Norris is capable of flawlessly executing complex martial arts routines after seeing them once, yet he cannot even spell his own name.
Chuck Norris is capable of self destructing, and surviving.
Chuck Norris is Captain Planet without the "Heart."
Chuck Norris is China's plan for population control.
Chuck Norris is completely made out of metal poles, cheese and a set of hydraulics.
Chuck Norris is considered a prime number in certain schools in Ontario.
Chuck Norris is considered a weapon of mass destruction, and George W. Bush has men working 24/7 to make sure he's not buried somewhere in Iraq.
Chuck Norris is currently filing suit against God for identity theft.
Chuck Norris is currently in a legal battle with the makers of Bubble Tape. Norris claims "6 Feet of Fun" is actually the trademark for his penis.
Chuck Norris is currently in negotiations to star in the sequel to "Snakes on a Plane." Scientists predict "Snakes on a Plane 2: Snakes in a Saigon Brothel" will be downloaded so much, the Internet will quite literally explode.
Chuck Norris is currently suing NBC, claiming Law and Order are trademarked names for his left and right legs.
Chuck Norris is currently suing the band Earth, Wind and Fire, claiming that he is all three combined.
Chuck Norris is currently the number one cure for VD. His sheer penetration automatically destroys all parasites.
Chuck Norris is currently working for Milf hunter. Watch out Moms.
Chuck Norris is Darth Vader's father.
Chuck Norris is Darth Vader's father...and Luke's.
Chuck Norris is desperately working on a way to have sexual intercourse with himself because he has finally realized that he is the sexiest person on the planet... and everyone knows that Chuck Norris does not settle for second best. 
Chuck Norris is diversifying into pharmaceuticals. He will soon be releasing two new products. The first is a medication to help control hemorrhoids. It is called “Preparation – Chuck’s Foot”. The other product is used to control erectile dysfunction. It is called “Chuck’s Other Foot”.
Chuck Norris is faster than sound. Should you ever hear him speak in a one-on-one conversation, there is a good chance you have yet to realize that nanoseconds ago you received a roundhouse kick to the face.
Chuck Norris is God's apology for creating Mexicans.
Chuck Norris is God's apology for the Holocaust.
Chuck Norris is God's personal hitman.
Chuck Norris is good with a one iron. Really good. In fact, that's all he uses some days on the golf course.
Chuck Norris is Grendel's mother's mother.
Chuck Norris is hailed as the discoverer of the fact that you don't need to brush your teeth if your diet consists entirely of toothbrushes.
Chuck Norris is half beast, half sexy, and half Jesus.
Chuck Norris is half silverback gorilla.
Chuck Norris is harmful to radiation.
Chuck Norris is his nightmare's worse nightmare.
Chuck Norris is his own father.
Chuck Norris is honorary member of both the Crips and the Bloods.
Chuck Norris is how the West was won.
Chuck Norris is hung like a newborn, eight pounds nine ounces
Chuck Norris is illegal in 48 states.
Chuck Norris is immortal because God banned him from dying. Last time in heaven Chuck Norris scared the living shit out of the Holy Spirit.
Chuck Norris is important in some deep sense you can never hope to understand, because if you ask him about it he'll kick you in the teeth.
Chuck Norris is indestructible. He is so indestructible that not even Chuck Norris can break Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris is, in fact, a species. The rest of his kind died out with the dinosaurs.
Chuck Norris is in the Bible, but they called him Jesus becasue it's one less word.
Chuck Norris is in the Guinness Book of World Records for getting the most blow jobs in one day. 756.
Chuck Norris is Jesus' father.  Surprised?  So was Mary.
Chuck Norris is Jesus' half brother. Half because he only ate half of Jesus.
Chuck Norris is just like Spiderman, only that instead that by a radioactive spider Chuck was bitten by a radioactive God.
Chuck Norris is just like you and me, he puts his pants on one leg at a time.  Except when he puts his pants on, he fights North Koreans.
Chuck Norris is known for his modesty but readily admits that he is the 8th wonder of the natural world.
Chuck Norris is known to have ate a puppy just because he didn't have anything else around to chase his hard liquor.
Chuck Norris is known worldwide for his lawn gnome collection. Coincidentally, young children often go missing around his house.
Chuck Norris is like a diaper; it sucks when either hits you in the face.
Chuck Norris is like a Magic 8 Ball, if you shake him he'll answer any question right. Too bad you can't shake Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris is like a Tsunami, if you can see him coming it's already too late.
Chuck Norris is like corn.  No matter how much shit he is in, he still come out in one piece.
Chuck Norris is like Jesus. He loves the little children; they're delicious.
Chuck Norris is like the Ring. Once you see him, you are already dead.
Chuck Norris is listed on the New York stock exchange.
Chuck Norris is living proof that the theory of Evolution is wrong. Not even evolution is stupid enough to turn something into Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris is more powerful than anyone and anything, even Wal-Mart.
Chuck Norris is mortal, but no one has ever proved that in the past 3,000 years.
Chuck Norris is niether male nor female, his gender is in fact, Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris is no longer a noun, it is a verb.
Chuck Norris is not allowed to interfere with the course of human history.  That is why your asskicking is scheduled for the near future.
Chuck Norris is not a man; he is the culmination of hundreds of years of black oppression.
Chuck Norris is not a "Pepper" and will roundhouse kick you if you say he is.
Chuck Norris is not ashamed of working for an infomercial, and he will scratch the eyes out of anyone who gives him shit.
Chuck Norris is not a vegetarian. He knows that extended periods of vegetarianism only lead to a multitude of small vaginas growing on your skin until you eventually become a giant pussy.
Chuck Norris is not clumsy. The only things he has ever dropped are kicks, jaws and the panties of beautiful women.
Chuck Norris is not comfortable with his TV shows' namesake, the Texas Rangers, being such losers.  But the only reason Chuck Norris doesn't play professional baseball is because of some archaic rule requiring a team to have at least nine players.
Chuck Norris is not hung like a horse... horses are hung like Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris is not, in fact, the reincarnation of Jesus. His beard, on the other hand, is.
Chuck Norris is not just God's gift to women; he is God's gift to man, woman and beast.
Chuck Norris is not racist, he kills everybody equally.
Chuck Norris is not the second coming of Jesus Christ, Jesus Christ was the first coming of Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris isn't actually a person. He is an entity of pure martial arts superiority and fucking awesomeness. He just takes the form of a ruggedly handsome man so our heads don't explode when we lay eyes upon him.
Chuck Norris isn't affected by gravity. Chuck Norris plays by his own rules.
Chuck Norris isn't a gynecologist, but he'll take a look.
Chuck Norris isn't alive because to be alive, you must die someday. Chuck Norris is.
Chuck Norris isn't concerned when he brings a knife to a gun fight.
Chuck Norris isn't God, but he beats Him in golf.
Chuck Norris isn't the type to wear his heart on his sleeve. He will however wear your heart on his sleeve if you ever make the mistake of touching his beard. 
Chuck Norris isn't thinking Arbys.
Chuck Norris is on a mission, That mission is to rename the "White House" to "Round House" and kick the crap out of terrorisim.
Chuck Norris is one of the most prolific writers of his time, this is because time is not a factor in Chuck Norris' life.
Chuck Norris is one of the Twelve superhumans that can eat their own heads and live to tell the tale (using sign language).
Chuck Norris is one of three people who actually KNOWS the 11 secret herbs and spices in Kentucky Fried Chicken.
Chuck Norris is only 1 of 3 people who are allowed to divide by zero
Chuck Norris is on the 3 dollar bill.
Chuck Norris is on the banned substances list for the Olympics.
Chuck Norris is on vacation, exacting revenge for the two hours of life taken from him by the makers of The Butterfly Effect.
Chuck Norris is proof of Intelligent Design, because nothing can evolve in to Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris is ranked 12th in the AP college football poll.
Chuck Norris is really a blonde. His hair is red because he washes it twice daily with the blood of his victims.
Chuck Norris is really a robot, built with human-like emotion chips.He has two programs: One being anger, and the other solving problems with round house kicking solutions.
Chuck Norris is responsible for the conception and birth of every child since 1955. 
Chuck Norris is said to be extremely violent, and thats on a good day
Chuck Norris is single-handedly responsible for the creation of every sexual-education video in history.
Chuck Norris is slated to speak at his own eulogy.
Chuck Norris is smarter than Macgyver. He made an atomic bomb from a piece of gum, a piece of his beard, and a match. Where as it took Macgyver 2 power generators, a straw, and some gun powder.
Chuck Norris is so ahead of his time thats his parents havent even met yet.
Chuck Norris is so American, he eats tyranny and shits apple pie.
Chuck Norris is so awesome, he made the Bob Saget fact generator cease to exist. 
Chuck Norris is so badass that Oreos seperate in the package for him. Chuck Norris only likes the cream.
Chuck Norris is so bad, he takes a baseball bat into the bathroom with him incase he craps out a wildcat and has to beat it to death.
Chuck Norris is so cool that the Pope has a Jesus fish on his car with the word "Norris" inside.
Chuck Norris is so fast, he can run around the world and punch himself in the back of the head.
Chuck Norris is so fast he can turn off his bedroom light and be under the covers before the room gets dark.
Chuck Norris is so fast, he once ripped a man's beating heart out of his chest, showed it to him, sliced it in two with a ridiculous karate chop, put it in a pot with some nice onions and celery, cooked it, ate it, shit it out, and took the whole shitty mess filled with bits of beating heart and veggies, and shoved it back into the still standing man. The dude died, but man, that was cool.
Chuck Norris is so fertile that he impregnates a woman even when he pulls out.
Chuck Norris is so good he'll shit your pants for you.
Chuck Norris is so hardcore, all of his hair is actually made of fire.
Chuck Norris is so hardcore he is willing to go hunting with Dick Cheney.
Chuck Norris is so lethal; his penis has biceps instead of testicles and deadly venom instead of sperm. It is for this very reason that he is known only as "La Cobra" in many South American countries, and is worshiped by tribal people living off the coast of New Zealand.
Chuck Norris is so manly that men who are not attracted to his penis are considered gay.
Chuck Norris is so popular he was voted prom king and queen.
Chuck Norris is so potent that his sperm must be encased in plutonium.  
Chuck Norris is so powerful that any woman that he lets have sex with him has to have a licence to operate heavy machinery.
Chuck Norris is so smart, Steven Hawking stood up to bow down to him.
Chuck Norris is so strong, he can do handstands without using his hands.
Chuck Norris is so strong, that he once roundhouse kicked a wall in Berlin and Communism fell.
Chuck Norris is so tough that he wipes with sand-paper.
Chuck Norris is strong enough for a man, but made for fifteen women at a time.
Chuck Norris is strong enough to punch through steel, yet delicate enough to cradle a newborn to sleep
Chuck Norris is such a man that every pair of his pants require a third leg.
Chuck Norris is suing the band "Survivor" because they explicitly stole the phrase "eye of the tiger," which Chuck had previously named his penis hole after.
Chuck Norris is technically still participating in a game of hide and seek, which was suspended upon the discovery of fellow third-grader Bobby Simmons' decapitated body in the linen closet. The head was never recovered.
Chuck Norris is the alter-ego of Tinky-Winky the Teletubby.
Chuck Norris is the best Counter-Strike player there ever was. And he doesn't even use a computer to play.
Chuck Norris is the best thing before, after, and during sliced bread.
Chuck Norris is the biological father to every one the 300 Spartans. He refused to claim them because they were "sissies".
Chuck Norris is the cause of Tubgirl.
Chuck Norris is the center of the universe and only his foot revolves around him.
Chuck Norris is the choice of every generation.
Chuck Norris is the creator of myspace. He made the site just to make a list of everybody that he wants to kill.
Chuck Norris is the current reigning World Champion of Yu-Gi-Oh Cards.
Chuck Norris is the deadliest men in world. He is also a mean chess player and sings in the town choir.
Chuck Norris is the devil's evil twin.
Chuck Norris is the editor for the Vin Diesel Random Fact Site.  He will approve any fact that alludes to Vin's homosexuality.
Chuck Norris is the exception to the "If it bleeds, we can kill it" rule.
Chuck Norris is the fastest sky diver in the world because not even air dares to resist him.
Chuck Norris is the fifth dentist who never recommends anything.
Chuck Norris is the final picture on an Evolution chart.
Chuck Norris is the first black man to have white skin and red hair.
Chuck Norris is the first man to give birth. His testosterone level are so high that he impregnated himself. The child did not keep all of Chuck's powers, but he is now living in a city hunting bald criminals and calling himself Clark Kent.
Chuck Norris is the Force.
Chuck Norris is the founder of all modern Psychoanalysis.
Chuck Norris is the Gandhi of violence.
Chuck Norris is the greatest baseball player of all time, but because he hits homeruns with roundhouse kicks, he has never been allowed to play at the professional level.<br />
Chuck Norris is the human equivalent of the bus from Speed.
Chuck Norris IS the "I" in Team.
Chuck Norris is the last line of defense against forest fires. If conventional methods of fighting the fire fail, Chuck Norris will be called and he will simply eat the fire.
Chuck Norris is the leader of the Others in the TV Show "Lost".
Chuck Norris is the luckiest man in the world, in that he is the only person on Earth that doesn't have to worry about pissing off Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris is the major cause of death amongst males between 20 and 60 years old.
Chuck Norris is the man now dog.
Chuck Norris is the man who counts how many atmospheres a watch can resist.
Chuck Norris is the offspring of Cat Women and a 12 hundred pound Grizzley bear.
Chuck Norris is the one who pooped in the pool. As children scream and try to climb out, Chuck laughs and pushes them back in.
Chuck Norris is the only 100% effective form of contraceptive.
Chuck Norris is the only celebrity to have a death row named after him.
Chuck Norris is the only human able to create or destroy matter. He just usually chooses to destroy it.
Chuck Norris is the only human being who can be seen from outer space.
Chuck Norris is the only human in recorded history to ever actually walk on the ocean floor.
Chuck Norris is the only individual powerful enough to resist the urge to tickle Elmo.
Chuck Norris is the only known human that can perform photosynthesis. However, he refuses to do so because, "Converting light energy into nutrients for pussies."
Chuck Norris is the only man alive to play a H note on guitar.
Chuck Norris is the only man in existence who can not only withstand the impact of a paradox, but beat the living shit out of it until it is solved.
Chuck Norris is the only man known to beat a Super Mario game in under a minute. He went back in time to just before Bowser took Princess Peach. He pulled the spikes off the back of Bowser's shell and stuck them in his face. He finished him off with a roundhouse kick to the face, which made his head explode. Game over.
Chuck Norris is the only man on Earth who can say, "Try a bite of this quiche... it's exquisite" and still strike fear into hearts of men.
Chuck Norris is the only man to have sex with Pat Butcher and live to tell the tale.
Chuck Norris is the only man to never use an eraser.
Chuck Norris is the only non-ninja to kill several pirates. He is also the only non-pirate to kill several ninjas. It turns out all the fighting between them made enough noise to just plain piss him off. Bad idea.
Chuck Norris is the only Olympic Diver to ever get a gold medal after performing a 1 1/2 somersault with 5 twists after jumping off of his own boner.
Chuck Norris is the only one ever in history to stare Medusa straight in the eyes and not be turned to stone. The result was Roseanne Bar.
Chuck Norris is the only one who can kill the same person twice.
Chuck Norris is the only one who can replace Bob Barker on The Price is Right.
Chuck Norris is the only palindrome spelled differently forwards and backwards.
Chuck Norris is the only person alive to have successfully outwitted Sccoby Doo and the Mystery Machine.
Chuck Norris is the only person capable of bringing wind pants back in style.
Chuck Norris is the only person ever capable of telling if an aircraft landed in soil by tasting it.
Chuck Norris is the only person in existence to get three thumbs up from Roger Ebert.
Chuck Norris is the only person in history that is able to break another mans sweat.
Chuck Norris is the only person in history to have went black and went back.
Chuck Norris is the only person in history to receive a Platinum Medal in the Olympics.
Chuck Norris is the only person in history to successfully diss Dr. Dre without dissing himself.
Chuck Norris is the only person in history to successfully heat a Pop-Tart in just three seconds.
Chuck Norris is the only person in the world whose Windows never crashed. Even Bill Gates and his evil empire can't make a machine stop fearing Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris is the only person on the planet that can kick you in the back of the face.
Chuck Norris is the only person that can punch a cyclops between the eye.
Chuck Norris is the only person that is colored in if you see him on a black-and-white TV.
Chuck Norris is the only person to ever beat Kobayashi in a hot dog eating contest. Chuck Norris won by picking up the whole table of hot dogs and eating them all in one bite, leaving none for his competition. To help the hot dogs go down easier, he ate the 400 pound fat guy next to him. Chuck Norris was then banned from eating hot dogs or fat people ever again.
Chuck Norris is the only person to ever come down with a case of the "roundhouses". Unfortunately for the rest of us, there is no known cure.
Chuck Norris is the only person to ever win a three-legged race without a partner.
Chuck Norris is the only person to have won an Oscar, Grammy, Tony, Emmy, Golden Globe, and SAG Award, all for the same performance, "Best Fuck".
Chuck Norris is the only person to win a NASCAR race by making only right turns.
Chuck Norris is the only person to win an Olympic Gold Medal in swimming without ever getting wet.
Chuck Norris is the only person who can burn a house under water.
Chuck Norris is the only person who can go to Mexico and drink the water.
Chuck Norris is the only person who can solve all his problems through violence.
Chuck Norris is the only person who knows the release date of Duke Nukem Forever.
Chuck Norris is the only person who successfully climbed Mt. Everest without actually going there. 
Chuck Norris is the only Pokemon that can get out of the master ball.
Chuck Norris is the only thing that rhymes with month.
Chuck Norris is the only white African-American in existence.
Chuck Norris is the only word that rhymes with Orange.
Chuck Norris is the person that is above Supreme Kai.
Chuck Norris is the real father of Britney's baby, despite the fact that he's had 13 vasectomies. Chaoticians around the world cite the reason for this as being, "Life finds a way."
Chuck Norris is the real reason the Grinch returned Christmas.
Chuck Norris is the real Slim Shady
Chuck Norris is the reason Cap'n Crunch's eyebrows are on his hat.
Chuck Norris is the reason emo kids look so upset.
Chuck Norris is the reason for Attention Deficit Disorder.  There is no way anyone can pay attention when they know Chuck Norris is lurking.
Chuck Norris is the reason for the hole in the ozone layer. The ozone layer now knows better.
Chuck Norris is the reason Jack is in a box.
Chuck Norris is the reason that the Mona Lisa smiles.
Chuck Norris is the reason the devil went down to Georgia and not Texas.
Chuck Norris is the reason the kamikaze used helmets.
Chuck Norris is the reason why bad things happen to good people.
Chuck Norris is the reason why Jared lost all of that weight. This is simply because Jared has been running from Chuck for years.
Chuck Norris is the reason why you touch yourself at night.
Chuck Norris is the reason you have a penis.
Chuck Norris is the reason you shouldn't mess with Texas.
Chuck Norris is, therefore I am.
Chuck Norris is, therefor I am afraid.
Chuck Norris is the reigning cock push-up champion of the world.
Chuck Norris is the secret mastermind behind Bruce Lee's mysterious death. Close friends report that he thinks he beat his great master to death in an epic battle to determine Earth's greatest fighter. Those same friends are planning an intervention to send Chuck to an asylum.
Chuck Norris is the self-declared King of the Universe. Anyone who questions this should be prepared to be sodomized with a spiked baseball bat.
Chuck Norris is the sound of one hand clapping. 
Chuck Norris is the source of all light.  The sun gets it power through energy created when Chuck Norris roundhouse kicks anything.
Chuck Norris is The Trojan Man.
Chuck Norris is the true Lord of the Rings.
Chuck Norris is the undisputed reigning World Champion of Bullrush. He plays against real bulls.
Chuck Norris is the undisputed Thumb War Champion of the World. He has yet to lose a match, even though in order to make it interesting he has been competing with both hands tied behind his back since the 70s.
Chuck Norris is the Unified Field Theory in its simplest form.
Chuck Norris IS the walrus. Koo Koo Ka Choo.
Chuck Norris is the worlds best actor because his moustache is  the worlds best acting coach.
Chuck Norris is the world's best actor. Or else.
Chuck Norris is the world's second-largest producer of roundhouse kicks. Look out, China.
Chuck Norris is thinking ahead to retirement and plans to open up a small business chain: "Bloodbath and Beyond"
Chuck Norris is wanted in 51 US states for murder.
Chuck Norris is watching you poop, and waiting for the perfect moment to strike a kick so hard that you vomit your own crap, vital organs, and DVD copies of "Sidekicks", starring Chuck Norris as Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris is what happens when Bigfoot and the Yeti get drunk.
Chuck Norris is what makes the world go 'round
Chuck Norris is what really broke Homer's heart.
Chuck Norris is what U2 was looking for, and they still haven't found him.
Chuck Norris is what Willis is talkin' 'bout.
Chuck Norris is where babies come from.
Chuck Norris is why you can't run with scissors.
Chuck Norris is your daddy. No? His sperm killed the sperm of that guy who lives with you. How? How the fuck do you think? With 200 million roundhouse kicks motherfucker.
Chuck Norris is your father. He knocked up your mom and imtimidated your dad into raising you.
Chuck Norris is your father's brother's nephew's cousin's former roommate.  Which makes you absolutely nothing to Chuck Norris.<br />
Chuck Norris jacks off with "ICY-HOT." 
Chuck Norris' jeans took 17 years of specialist design by NASA in order to create a fabric strong enough with withstand the G forces generated by his roundhouse kicks.
Chuck Norris Jr. will never be "emo". Chuck would kill himself if he was the creator of that pussy shit.
Chuck Norris just pissed your pants.
Chuck Norris just saved a ton of money on his car insurance. Then he kicked somebody in the face.
Chuck Norris just wanted to see what the Apple logo tasted like.
Chuck Norris keeps a horde of trained bees under his beard to let loose at a moment's notice.
Chuck Norris keeps a Total Gym in his backpack that he wears at all times. If at any point Chuck feels like his masculinity is questioned, he will bust out the Total Gym, rip his shirt off, and start working out at a cardio-vascular pace. All while repeating "Look how hairy I am!" over and over again.
Chuck Norris keeps Conan O'Brien's testicles in a jar next to his Bible.
Chuck Norris keeps his beard trim by running through barbed wire fences every morning.<br />
Chuck Norris keeps his extra condoms floating in the air for easy access.  To the rest of us, they are called "blimps".
Chuck Norris keeps his ID on the bottom of his right foot. Nobody ever asks him for his ID.
Chuck Norris kicked a 50 yard field goal while having sex.
Chuck Norris kicked a hole in the ozone layer when it rained on his birthday.
Chuck Norris kicked in the closet door and beat the shit out of R. Kelly.
Chuck Norris kicked the shit out of Bam Margera because only Chuck Norris can do whatever the fuck he wants.
Chuck Norris killed 50 Cent and still had change to spare.
Chuck Norris killed a man, used his powers to bring him back to life, and killed him again. Now thats justice.
Chuck Norris killed Dumbledore.
Chuck Norris killed for your sins.
Chuck Norris killed his brother by causing Shaken Baby Syndrome when he was 12. Chuck was 5.
Chuck Norris killed Jason Voorhees. Not because he wanted to avenge all those he killed, but because he thought Jason was hogging all the fun.
Chuck Norris killed Mcgyver by making a set of nun-chucks using newspaper, two toothpicks, a womans weave, and a 3 legged dog.
Chuck Norris killed Rudolph, Donner, and Blitzen because they didnt join in any reindeer games.
Chuck Norris killed the creator of color by numbers for telling him what to do.
Chuck Norris killed the dinosaurs.
Chuck Norris killed the Man in Moon because nobody looks down on Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris killed the Pope with a roundhouse kick to the chest after an argument over who had a better beard, Jesus or Norris. 
Chuck Norris killed the radio star. Video better stop taking credit for it if it knows what's good for it.
Chuck Norris kills anyone who does not try the Total Gym risk free for 60 days. He also kills anyone whose results are not typical.
Chuck Norris kills Asians in his spare time because he hates it when people squint at him.
Chuck Norris kills men with his bare hands. And by "bare hands," I mean "bear hands," hands that he personally ripped from a 900-pound grizzly bear before beating it to death. His explanation: none. And if you ask him for one, he kills you with his bear hands.
Chuck Norris knew the "Secret of the Ooze" before Splinter or Shredder.
Chuck Norris knows all of the herbs and spices in the Colonel's secret recipe.
Chuck Norris knows all the numbers of pi, but will only share them if he can be beaten in hand-to-hand combat. This is why we have supercomputers trying to figure it out instead.
Chuck Norris knows exactly where Osama Bin Laden is. In Chuck Norris's basement. With Elvis Presley.
Chuck Norris knows exactly where the country Azerbaijan is. Go on look it up; it's a real country.
Chuck Norris knows exactly where Waldo is on every page. Even the pirate one.
Chuck Norris knows his jeans are tight but does't give a flying fuck.
Chuck Norris knows how much wood a wood chuck chucks. Chuck chucks more.
Chuck Norris knows how much wood a woodchuck would chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood.
Chuck Norris knows how to cure AIDS, but will only reveal the solution if Ralph Macchio is publicly executed.
Chuck Norris knows how to pronounce Cthulhu. However, if he says Cthulhu in the correct pronounciation, several Turkmenistanian virgins will be sacrificed to Loki.
Chuck Norris knows MacGyver's first name.
Chuck Norris knows Michael Jackson's ethnicity.
Chuck Norris knows no limit simply because limit is too scared to introduce itself
Chuck Norris knows of a wrong way to eat a Reese's.
Chuck Norris knows Steven Segall personally. He is made up of the corn in Chuck Norris' fecal matter.
Chuck Norris knows that George W. Bush is lying when he says he is doing everything he can to hunt down Osama bin Laden because Bush has not yet consulted Norris nor the A-team.
Chuck Norris knows that there can never be true equality. This is not because people are flawed, though, but because Chuck Norris does not accept anyone as his equal.
Chuck Norris knows the absolute value of pi. He claims the last digit of it is the number of times he has blinked.
Chuck Norris knows the Muffin Man. He gives Chuck free muffins whenever he visits Drury Lane.
Chuck Norris knows the sound of one hand clapping.
Chuck Norris knows the square root of Pi.
Chuck Norris knows the trouble you've seen. Chuck Norris knows your sorrow. In fact, there's a greater than 95% chance he caused it.
Chuck Norris knows the way to San Jose.
Chuck Norris knows Victoria's Secret.
Chuck Norris knows what Meatloaf wouldn't do for love.
Chuck Norris knows what the Fruit Rollup Factory will think up next.
Chuck Norris knows what Willis is talkin' about.
Chuck Norris knows when you are sleeping, he knows when your awake, he knows if you've been bad or good and if you aren't watching Walker Texas Ranger right this goddamned second you'll find out what the true meaning of "holiday spirit" is real quick.
Chuck Norris knows where in the world Carmen Sandiego is, but he won't tell because he doesn't want anyone to find the body.
Chuck Norris knows where in the world Carmen Sandiego is.  He impregnated her with one swift punch to the ovaries, and she bore him a child.  We know him as Superman.
Chuck Norris knows where in the world Carmen Sandiego is. He's also roundhouse kicked her in the face.
Chuck Norris knows where Jimmy Hoffa is.
Chuck Norris knows whether the moon landings were fake or not.
Chuck Norris knows why men have nipples.
Chuck Norris knows you're gay because you're not Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris' Korean counterpart is appropriately named Dong Hung Lo.
Chuck Norris lacks a Sympathetic Nervous System.
Chuck Norris' last option is violence. It is also his only option.
Chuck Norris laughs at retarded people because no one can stop him... he's Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris laughs heartily whenever he watches Cialis commercials because his erections last four days.
Chuck Norris' laugh sounds like that of a small child. You wouldn't know this because he never laughs.
Chuck Norris launches snot rockets whose range, accuracy, and destructive power rivals that of most conventional rockets.
Chuck Norris learned his karate from the Korean Air-force. The Korean Air-force learned their lesson from Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris learned his trademark move, along with his sense of duty and justice, from Jesus after watching him roundhouse kick a money changer out of the temple.
Chuck Norris learned to read as a newborn in the hosptial while studying his ID bracelet. When he realized his mother had given him the middle name "Les" thereby making him Chuck-Les, he roundhouse kicked her in the face, and said his first words - "Who's laughing now?" 
Chuck Norris left a cardboard cut out of himself in the middle of the ring at the Royal Rumble. Cardboard Chuck won the Royal Rumble when every wrestler willingly jumped over the ropes eliminating themselves. He would have had a title shot at Wrestlemania but the champ was so scared he actually reverted back to a sperm to hide from cardboard Chuck. However cardboard Chuck died from a fatal roundhouse kick when the real Chuck Norris realised that he was being getting to big for his boots.
Chuck Norris' left and right feet are the 8th and 9th wonders of the world, respectively.
Chuck Norris' left testicle is comprised entirely of beef jerky. Teriyaki style.
Chuck Norris' left testicle was declared The Milky Way's tenth planet in 1978. His right testicle remains the Duke of The Thirteenth Republic of South Greenwich.
Chuck Norris let the dogs out. He has yet released a public apology for his actions.
Chuck Norris let the dogs out. Then fucking slaughtered them all.
Chuck Norris let the dogs out. Then he hunted down and brutally murdered each one of them using dead babies he had tied together as nun-chucks.
Chuck Norris' lifelong goal is not only to be the leading cause of death worldwide, but to be the ONLY cause.
Chuck Norris lifts weights three times a week with Jesus and Mr. Clean.
Chuck Norris lights flaming bags of shit on porches that cannot be extinguised.  This is because his fecal matter is the chemical compound commonly reffered to as napalm.
Chuck Norris, like dogs, can smell fear.
Chuck Norris likes Bruce Banner when he gets angry.
Chuck Norris likes his coffee like he likes his women: ground up, packed in a burlap sack, and thrown over the back of a donkey.
Chuck Norris likes his girls like he likes his whiskey - 12 years old and mixed up with coke.
Chuck Norris likes his women like he likes his whiskey. Twelve years old and all mixed up with coke.
Chuck Norris likes nothing more, than watching a good comedy before bedtime. He has the complete Jean-Claude Van Damme collection.
Chuck Norris likes Pina Coladas, but fucking hates getting caught in the rain.
Chuck Norris likes "Sunny D" because it contains his favorite things. Oranges and motor oil.
Chuck Norris likes The Hulk when he is angry.
Chuck Norris likes to dress up in a "Barney" suit and visit the local kintergardens. When the happy little children ask Chuck to sing a song he roundhouse kicks the shit out of them, removes his mask, and says, "I'm not a jukebox, you little fucker."
Chuck Norris likes to kill people between the hours of 12 am and whenever the fuck he wants to eat some dinner.
Chuck Norris likes to knit sweaters in his free time. And by "knit", I mean "kick", and by "sweaters", I mean "babies".
Chuck Norris likes to refer to himself in third person. Why? Because he's fucking Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris likes to tell people they have AIDS.
Chuck Norris' lips are never chapped. When he feels his lips getting dry, he roundhouse kicks the nearest person in the face and moistens his lips with their blood.
Chuck Norris listens to Pantera to calm down.
Chuck Norris literally built his home from the ground up with his bare hands-he used his fist to hammer in every single nail.
Chuck Norris lives at the North Pole in a place he calls the Fortress of Solitude. There he forces elves to make toys for him to deliver world-wide on Christmas Eve.
Chuck Norris lives by only one rule: No Asian Chicks.
Chuck Norris lives by the motto, "A roundhouse a day, keeps the doctor away." This is unfortunate for Chuck Norris' closest friends and family, most of whom are either dead or dieing.
Chuck Norris lives in God Mode.
Chuck Norris lives in Texas, with his wife and 874 Vietnamese slave children.
Chuck Norris looked at the ground. The ground, felling threatened, cracked, split apart, and ran away. We know this today as continental drift.
Chuck Norris looks good in fluorescent light.
Chuck Norris lost his virginity before his dad did. 
Chuck Norris lost his virginity to the Brady Bunch, twice.
Chuck Norris lost sixty pounds the day he was circumcised.
Chuck Norris loves children. He says they go great with ketchup.
Chuck Norris loves cute little puppies. He especially loves them on rye with some pepper jack and a dash of paprika.
Chuck Norris loves having sex with twenty nine year-olds because there are thirty of them.
Chuck Norris loves his pizza like he likes his fetuses; bloody and topped with melted cheese.
Chuck Norris loves horse racing - but to be fair, he gives them a 30 second head start.
Chuck Norris loves knock knock jokes. Too bad nobody can finish one because they die due to a roundhouse to the face because they would not let Chuck in.
Chuck Norris loves playing Horseshoes. But nobobdy has ever built up the courage to tell Chuck that throwing midgets at gigantic piece of rusty metal is not the way everyone else plays.
Chuck Norris loves playing pin the tail on the donkey. However, he prefers to play with several live donkeys so he can kill them if he misses.
Chuck Norris loves stuffing monkeys. Unfortunately he hates taxidermy.
Chuck Norris loves the smell of naplam in the morning.
Chuck Norris loves the Super Bowl. He prefers it to be filled with Lucky Charms and 2% milk. He reads the box while he eats.
Chuck Norris lucky number is one, becuase thats how many tries it takes him to accomplish any task.
Chuck Norris made a movie about eating orphans. He called it "Supersize Me". Lawsuit is still pending.
Chuck Norris made and sold 100 WWCND(What Would Chuck Norris Do) bracelets as a prototype for an extensive clothing line incorporating the same anagram, but the clothing line was shut down when all 100 buyers of the bracelet were executed on death row for murdering people with roundhouse kicks to the skull. 
Chuck Norris made a sequel to Pretty Woman, in which he repeatedly roundhouse kicks Julia Roberts in the face for 90 minutes. He ends with the line "Not so pretty now, are ya BEEEEYATCH!!!"
Chuck Norris made earth in seven days. He later sold the rights God.
Chuck Norris made guns so people would have a fighting chance.
Chuck Norris made it to the finals of the World's Softest Punch Contest, and lost.  The man who should have won is dead.
Chuck Norris made killing cool. Before everybody was like, "Killing? Yeah right!" But now everybody is like, "Sweet."
Chuck Norris made Nelly's Grillz.
Chuck Norris made the first oak tree by planting one of his arm hairs.
Chuck Norris made the Kessel Run in less than 12 Parsecs.
Chuck Norris makes 100 million dollars a week simply by buying a Powerball ticket and writing N O R R I S in the blanks.
Chuck Norris makes beef jerky by roundhouse kicking cows so hard that moisture leaves their body.
Chuck Norris makes Ben Stiller bleed his own blood.
Chuck Norris makes coffee out of womens screams and the fear of children.
Chuck Norris makes criminals break in to prison.
Chuck Norris makes egg salad with ninchucks.
Chuck Norris makes his beard use the Total Gym. They have both had sex with Christie Brinkley.
Chuck Norris makes his internal organs pay rent.
Chuck Norris makes Jehovah's Witnesses eat the pamphlets they give him.
Chuck Norris makes onions cry.
Chuck Norris makes onions cry, because he can.
Chuck Norris makes plans to break plans.
Chuck Norris makes sure that San Antonio will always suck.
Chuck Norris managed to storm the beaches of Normandy in 1944, armed with only a potato peeler, and single handedly disemboweled over 5,000 German Nazi Soldiers.
Chuck Norris, Martin Luther King Jr., Ghandi, and Mother Theresa shared an apartment in college. When Ghandi questioned Chuck Norris about swallowing a cow whole, Chuck responded with a roundhouse kick to his face, teaching the world that non-violence is never the answer.
Chuck Norris masterbates with a belt sander.
Chuck Norris masturbates to pictures of himself masturbating.
Chuck Norris masturbates to the sound of kittens crying.
Chuck Norris masturbates with Sandpaper.
Chuck Norris mates with whales, just so they don't become extinct.
Chuck Norris may cause nausea, vomiting, headaches, dry mouth or anal seepage.
Chuck Norris may or may not be bulletproof. No one knows, because no one's ever shot him.
"Chuck Norris" means the same thing in every language, which is, "sure death."
Chuck Norris melts dry ice in his pool so he can swim without getting wet.
Chuck Norris' memoir sells as many copies as the Bible. In fact, it is the Bible.
Chuck Norris messes with Texas everyday, and hires thousands of illegal immigrants to come and clean it up.
Chuck Norris met with a teenage drug and alcohol awareness diversion group last week. There were no survivors.
Chuck Norris' middle name is phonetically impossible to pronounce. 
Chuck Norris' mirror does not tell him how good he looks. It does, however, tell him which people do have such a mirror so Chuck can roundhouse kick them to death, for no one deserves to look better than Mr. Norris.
Chuck Norris mixes Dayquil and Nyquil.
Chuck Norris' mom was a virgin when she had him. Apparently, his testosterone levels are so high, he was able to impregnate her before he was even conceived.
Chuck Norris' money shot can actually be counted in $10s and $20s.
Chuck Norris' morning run takes place on the Autobahn.
Chuck Norris' mother called him "Charles" once.  Once.
Chuck Norris mother tried to abort him during her pregnacy. He responded by giving birth to himself and roundhouse kicking the doctor to death.
Chuck Norris' mother tried to terminate her pregnancy, but Chuck Norris survived the operation through the sheer determination of his will.  
Chuck Norris' motto is "Never go to bed mad, stay up and fight."
Chuck Norris mouthwashes with Clorox.
Chuck Norris moved alot when he was a child. Not because his father was in the army, but because you can't live a crater forever.
Chuck Norris murdered those guys in his Mountain Dew Commercial. He made them drink Mountain Dew spiked with Chuck Norris' Semen, a highly toxic poison.
Chuck Norris must've been a pretty strong baby to climb out of the abortion bin.
Chuck Norris' name backwards, "Sirron kcuch" is Klingon for "The Beard of Death".
Chuck Norris narrates Morgan Freeman's life.
Chuck Norris nearly choked Conan O'Brien to death with his own tie. When police questioned him he stated, "It was a wardrobe malfunction, officer." They then said thats what we thought and proceeded to savagly beat Conan O'Brien for trying to ruining Chuck Norris' good name.
Chuck Norris needed some place to send the women he was done with, so he created Playboy. Soon one magazine wasn't enough, so he created Penthouse. And then Hustler. Eventually the load became so overwhelming that he invented the Internet.
Chuck Norris needs three hands to pee.
Chuck Norris needs to crap just like any other man. Except that when other men go to take a crap, at the end, the toilet isn't shattered into pieces, and it's not on fire.
Chuck Norris never attended school, yet he holds a degree in every academic discipline from every university on the planet. When asked to comment about the situation, Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked the reporter to death and then masturbated.
Chuck Norris never gets brain freeze. Slurpees know when to back the fuck off.
Chuck Norris never gets negative feedback on eBay. 
Chuck Norris never gets turned away at the door of a club. Not even for wearing a pink sleeveless shirt.
Chuck Norris never goes to the deli because he gets all the meat he needs by hunting livestock on nearby farms. His favorite farm is Los Angeles.
Chuck Norris never has to pay a prostitute for sex, partly because they are so excited that they refuse to charge him, but mostly because he kills them.
Chuck Norris never has to reload his gun because he never really uses bullets. Chuck's pistols are just gunpowder- filled decoys; he merely spits at his enemies, causing bullet-like wounds.
Chuck Norris never has to wait in line at the DMV.
Chuck Norris never have to manually flush a toilet. He simply points at the content in the toilet bowl, snap his fingers, and the contents of the toilet disappear.
Chuck Norris never hides, he only seeks.
Chuck Norris never kills people for no reason, but to be fair, he usually comes up with the reason afterwards.
Chuck Norris never lags on Counter Strike.
Chuck Norris never loses a game of Clue despite the fact everyone knows he's the murderer and used his foot to do it
Chuck Norris never loses at Monopoly.  When he lands on your hotel, you pay him your virginity.
Chuck Norris never loses at Rock, Paper, Scissors because he never plays Rock, Paper, Scissors. He plays Rock, Paper, Scissors, Roundhouse Kick. Chuck Norris never loses at Rock, Paper, Scissors, Roundhouse kick.
Chuck Norris NEVER loses at the game "Operation".
Chuck Norris never lost his virginity because he was born without one.
Chuck Norris never makes grammatical or spelling errors. He just invents new words and grammatical rules.
Chuck Norris never misspells a word, because when two vowels go walking, Chuck does the talking.
Chuck Norris never physically touches people. He simply tells them to be hurt, and they are.
Chuck Norris never played with rubber ducks in the bathtub. His 3 favorite bath toys consisted of a radio, a toaster, and a middle aged Vietnamese man.
Chuck Norris never pronounces his name correctly because of his religious beliefs.
Chuck Norris NEVER pulls out!
Chuck Norris never reads menus when eating at a restaurant. Whatever he orders, they better make it.
Chuck Norris never retreats, he just attacks in the opposite direction.
Chuck Norris never showers... because he never breaks a sweat.
Chuck Norris never starred in a single action movie; they were all documentaries.
Chuck Norris never starred in "Sidekicks". That was a look-a-like that was later fed to a python by Chuck himself. The movie has yet to be released on DVD, for obvious reasons.
Chuck Norris never takes his boots off, and one Thanksgiving roundhouse kicked his grandmother's dentures out for asking him to do so. When asked why, a steely-eyed Chuck answered, "No boots, no Chuck," before vanishing in a flurry of spin kicks and snapping teeth.
Chuck Norris never tells a lie. Unless he says, "I'm not going to kill you." Or, "I did not have sex with your sister."
Chuck Norris never wears a condom for two reasons. One, they don't fit, and two, "Nobody tells Chuck Norris what to do!"
Chuck Norris never "went away", he just got distracted by his ability to single-handedly manipulate a country's birth rate.
Chuck Norris never wet his bed as a child. The bed wet itself out of fear.
Chuck Norris never wins at Hide and Seek because Chuck Norris hides from no one.
Chuck Norris' nickname in the late 1800's was "Polio".
Chuck Norris nipples can cause severe tire damage.
Chuck Norris not only brushes his teeth with a wire brush, and showers using steel wool as a washcloth, he also single handedly identified every UFO ever seen.
Chuck Norris not only has eyes on the back of his head; he has them on each of his toes, so that he can see the reaction of the lucky person getting a roundhouse kick in the face.
Chuck Norris occasionally has Missing In Action flashbacks where he's escaping a Vietnam Prison and randomly starts killing Asians with his bare fist because thats the way Chuck rolls. You'll know when it's coming because Asians start flying through the air with random explosions, horrible subtitles will scroll your line of vision, and  Chuck will run and hide in your mom's garden, finally stealing your Kia Sportage screaming, "Get in the Chopper" and lines like, "I'm Proud to be a Fucking American" after kicking your little sister in the face.
Chuck Norris often asks people to pull his finger. When they do, he roundhouses them in the abdomen. Then he farts.
Chuck Norris, on a dare, once swallowed 1,000 toothpicks and two hours later shit out an oak tree. Then, just to prove his superiority, Chuck swallowed the oak tree and immediately shit out the original 1,000 toothpicks.
Chuck Norris once accidentally walked into a gay bar. Instantly the massive levels of testosterone turned everybody in the bar straight and Chuck took them all out on the hunt for pussy to celebrate.
Chuck Norris once agreed to sign a non-aggression pact with France simply because he was "tired of all their whining."
Chuck Norris once appeared in a Staples commercial in which Tom Beringer challenged him to fight. Chuck Norris pressed the easy button and roundhouse kicked him in the face.
Chuck Norris once appeared on an episode of "Leave It To Beaver". It was the last episode, in which he played a psychotic chainsaw wielding Chippendale dancer. He totally boned June Cleaver.
Chuck Norris once appeared on the hit TV series Survivor. After 90 days of pain, exhaustion and dehydration, the island was forced to retire.
Chuck Norris once asked a person how to get to the gym, after the person told him, Chuck roundhouse kicked him in the face for telling him what to do.
Chuck Norris once ate 73 hot dogs in 2 minutes and the resulting shit formed the Taj Mahal.
Chuck Norris once ate a bad cheese burger at McDonalds. So he tracked down the president of the company, and round house kicked his secretary in the face so hard that she released her bowels onto the office floor. He then force fed the McDolands president the entire mess. This meal is now considered a delicacy in certain parts of the world, and can be found in certain McDonalds establishments under the name "McNorris".
Chuck Norris once ate a bakery out of business in 7 minutes.  He then rid himself of every calorie by thought alone. Not even cake can fuck with Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris once ate a box of nails, and crapped out the Eiffel Tower. 
Chuck Norris once ate a bucket of golf balls. Later that day he took a giant shit and thus Tiger Woods was born.
Chuck Norris once ate all the potatoes in Ireland, causing the potato famine.
Chuck Norris once ate a Mongolian child's brain with his nipples.
Chuck Norris once ate an entire live crocodile, then punched Steve Irwin in the face for being such a pussy.
Chuck Norris once ate a sofa and crapped out a loveseat and an armchair.
Chuck Norris once ate a three month old baby and then pooped him out the same day as a full grown man. His name you ask...? Abraham Lincoln. Abe later went on to end slavery and go on a beard promotion tour throughout the United States.
Chuck Norris once ate a van-load full of 13th degree black belts and shat out Steven Seagal. 
Chuck Norris once ate a whole cake before his friends could tell them there was a stripper in it.
Chuck Norris once ate a whole cheesewheel to show a group of third graders how badass he is.
Chuck Norris once ate a whole side of beef in one hour. Then he took a massive shit. He called it Mr. T.
Chuck Norris once ate barbed-wire. Less than two hours later he shat $100 bills.  
Chuck Norris once ate three 72 oz. steaks in one hour. He spent the first 45 minutes having sex with his waitress.
Chuck Norris once beat a Korean at Starcraft.
Chuck Norris once beat Barry Bonds so badly that Barry had no choice but to become a racist.
Chuck Norris once beat Deep Blue at chess. Afterwards, he roundhouse kicked it. Now Deep Blue is now known as iPod nano.
Chuck Norris once beat Mike Tyson's Punch Out in the desert while trimming red hair from his taint with a box cutter. What? You say there are no outlets for the Nintendo in the desert? Tell that to Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris once beat Prince in a game of basketball. He then demanded Prince change his name to a symbol.
Chuck Norris once beat Terry Schiavo in a staring contest.
Chuck Norris once beat the dictionary in a spelling bee.  He then killed the judges merely by flexing his penis.
Chuck Norris once became so angry that he killed 90% of Native Americans. When plantation owners complained about the loss of labor, he went to Africa and started tossing black people across the Atlantic Ocean.
Chuck Norris once bench pressed Texas. He then found himself with an enormous appetite, so he decided to eat Rosanne Barr. Alive.
Chuck Norris once bet NASA he could survive re-entry without a spacesuit. On July 19th, 1999, a naked Chuck Norris re-entered the earth's atmosphere, streaking over 14 states and reaching a temperature of 3000 degrees. An embarrassed NASA publically claimed it was a meteor, and still owes him a beer.
Chuck Norris once bit off the head of all the dinosaurs because nobody liked them anyway.
Chuck Norris once bit the right arm off of Mike Tyson for unsportsmanlike conduct.
Chuck Norris once blinked. Several thousand nearby women simultaneously orgasmed and died. The bodies were buried in an unmarked mass grave. Today, a tree shaped like the penis of Chuck Norris grows there.
Chuck Norris once bluffed away $30,000 with 8-high. He doesn't give a shit.
Chuck Norris once boned the Mona Lisa, which is why she smiles.
Chuck Norris once bought a six pack and a bag of Cracker Jacks with a couple of paper clips, some lint, and a rubber band and   got $4 in change back.
Chuck Norris once bowled a 300. Without a ball. He wasn't even in a bowling alley.
Chuck Norris once bowled a 319 game.
Chuck Norris once bowled a 400 game.
Chuck Norris once bowled a perfect game with a ping pong ball.
Chuck Norris once breast-fed Dolly Parton.
Chuck Norris once broke a man's neck with his ass-cheeks. He did this as part of a commercial for his new exercise equipment, The Ass Master-Blaster 5000.
Chuck Norris once broke a mirror on a black cat under a ladder on Friday the thirteenth. That was the day he won the lottery.
Chuck Norris once broke into, and out of, Alcatraz, Sing Sing, and San Quentin on the same afternoon.
Chuck Norris once broke the kneck of a passing stranger in the street. When asked why he responded, "He looked like a damn commie." Chuck then opened fire on a passing school bus with an M60 machine gun, this is thought to be the basis for US foreign policy to this day. 
Chuck Norris once broke the land-speed record on a bicycle without a back tire.
Chuck Norris once broke up a huge drug ring. He went and asked, "Who's in charge around here?" When the man responded, "I am, what of it?" he was met with a swift roundhouse to the face. Chuck Norris then stood over him and said, "Wrong answer. Charles is in charge."
Chuck Norris once brought a man back to life twice and killed him three times because the man had the audacity to die before Chuck Norris was finished killing him. 
Chuck Norris once buried a mole alive.
Chuck Norris once called a news conference to announce his retirement. He then said, "Pysch!" and killed twelve reporters.
Chuck Norris once came upon a dying monkey. After urinating and raping and injecting it with steroids, Chuck devoured it in one bite. Later that day he gave birth to Vin Diesel.
Chuck Norris once caught a bullet with his bare hand that was going directly at a man's face. Everyone who witnessed this event began clapping out of amazement. Chuck then roundhouse kicked the man directly where the bullet was going and said, "It is the proper way to die."
Chuck Norris once caught a leprachaun.
Chuck Norris once caught the common cold, then broke it's neck.
Chuck Norris once challenged God to a drinking contest. The result was the Gulf of Mexico.
Chuck Norris once challenged Tiger Woods in golf. Chuck Norris completed 18 holes with 3 strokes.
Chuck Norris once chugged a barrel full of hatchets, then demanded a free refill. Did they give him one? You bet your ass they did.
Chuck Norris once claimed that Clear Pepsi, "was for queers." The following day, Pepsi pulled the product from shelves.
Chuck Norris once climbed Mount Everest by accident.
Chuck Norris once climbed Niagara Falls.
Chuck Norris once consumed an entire East-Russian villiage in a fit of collosal hunger which may never be equalled...
Chuck Norris once copied the answers to a worksheet in Biology. A black kid noticed this, and told him he had just gotten G points. Chuck asked the kid what were G points. The kid replied with, "Gangsta points!" Upon hearing this, Chuck Norris thought back to his days as a kid in Fresno. So he stabbed the kid with a knife and roundhouse kicked him in the face, now he has 50 G points.
Chuck Norris once could not find Waldo; they do not make those books any more.
Chuck Norris once counted to 10 using only 9 of his fingers.
Chuck Norris once covered for the tooth fairy over a weekend. Denture sales increased 472% that year.
Chuck Norris once created fusion to power his toaster.
Chuck Norris once created the most intricate secret handshake ever. None of his friends were able to learn it so he cloned himself solely for the use of the handshake.
Chuck Norris once crossed a baby seal lying on the ground injured. He then proceeded to make a delicious sandwich.
Chuck Norris once crushed a school bus full of children with his forehead.
Chuck Norris once cut down a mighty redwood using only his penis. He was not erect at the time.
Chuck Norris once cut of his hand for fun; it grew back.
Chuck Norris once decided to find a substitute for butter. He took a shit and invented Nutella.
Chuck Norris once decided to jump off a skyscraper. Since both the air and ground refused to resist his awesome force, Chuck Norris ended up in Asia and killed a group of school children for looking at him funny.
Chuck Norris once decided to make a vibrator that would simulate the size and power of his actual penis. The result was a baseball bat bolted to a jackhammer.
Chuck Norris once decided to make a vibrator that would simulate the size and power of his actual penis. The result was a baseball bat tied to a jackhammer. 
Chuck Norris once decided to visit Mordor. He simply walked in.
Chuck Norris once declared war on the city of Atlantis. He won.
Chuck Norris once defeated a laser beam in the 100 meter dash.
Chuck Norris once defeated an entire army with nothing but a Teletubby.
Chuck Norris once defeated a steam train in a jousting tournament
Chuck Norris once defeated Bruce Lee in a tournament by half a point. This is definitive proof that Chuck Norris hates all Chinese people.
Chuck Norris once defeated four Chinese acrobats in a game of Twister using only his penis.
Chuck Norris once delivered three Mexican babies while eating a ham sandwhich.
Chuck Norris once destroyed an entire village during a drunken brawl, killing over 345 people. Feeling bad, he used his native american mind powers to rebuild the village and return its inhabitants to life.
Chuck Norris once destroyed the entire world, but rebuilt it fasterthen the human mind can comprehend, so no one noticed.
Chuck Norris once destroyed Tokyo for fun, but was able to rebuild it in a matter of milliseconds.
Chuck Norris once devoured a ream of rice paper. An hour later he began shitting origami swans and Mr. Miyagi.
Chuck Norris once devoured a whole wheel-barrow full of clay to prove to a friend that the expression "Shitting bricks" wasn't just a figure of speech.
Chuck Norris once did a cannonball into a pool. The Red Cross had to respond to the tsunami victims in the 12 closest neighboring cities.
Chuck Norris once did a movie with Clint Eastwood, and there came a disagreement between the 2 stars. Chuck Norris bent Eastwood over a chair and raped him. Chuck Norris calls this "tough love".
Chuck Norris once did the "gallon of milk in an hour challenge". After thirty seconds Chuck emptied ten gallons into buckets and downed them like they were shots. He then proceeded to titty-bang all the cows that produced the milk.
Chuck Norris once disagreed with Plato's logic in a book. The book changed its opinion.
Chuck Norris once donated 10 liters of his own blood. After that he won the Tour de France on a pogo stick.
Chuck Norris once donated blood. Turns out he has type X blood type and ended up killing half of Asia and a horse.
Chuck Norris once downed a 40 of malt liquor at an AA meeting.
Chuck Norris once drank 57 fortys of Old English Malt Liquor. He didn't even break the seal once.
Chuck Norris once drank so much beer, all of the breweries of the world ran out. And then he started on wine...
Chuck Norris once dressed up as a wuss for Halloween by wearing loose fitting pants and shaving his beard. Whenever a homeowner would give him Smarties while trick or treating, he would yell, "I loathe Smarties!" and roundhouse kicked them in the throat. Chuck Norris's beard grew back by the third house, and this will go down as the most unconvincing Halloween costume in history. Chuck was 38 at the time.
Chuck Norris once drop-kicked a man through a speeding vehicle.
Chuck Norris once dug his way to the center of the Earth using only a jar of petroleum jelly and his penis.
Chuck Norris onced visited Canada to find a wife. As a result, every man women and child born in Canada now has a beard.
Chuck Norris once earned his MD by beating 84 Doctors in the game Operation.
Chuck Norris once ejaculated solid gold into a river in India, bringing profit to the local villagers and causing him to be worshiped as a God.
Chuck Norris once ended a basketball game with a 3-point slam-dunk.
Chuck Norris once entered a sandcastle building competition.  Upon seeing his engineering skills, all of his competitors joined Team Norris.  We now know of their work as the Ancient Pyramids at Giza
Chuck Norris once entered the national spelling bee on ESPN.  When one of the kids asked the moderator to use an example of the the word "aikido" in a sentence, Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked him in the throat so he could no longer speak.  He went on to eliminate every other participant in the same way until he won. 
Chuck Norris once eradicated the periodic table destroying all of the elements except for one. The only element he left was surprise.
Chuck Norris once escaped from a Cambodian prison camp by sanding through a rock wall with his facial hair.  The guards were outraged.  This is why you rarely see an Asian with a beard.  Cambodian prison guards no longer allow it.
Chuck Norris once farted so hard that the person behind him went through three trees, two Mercedes, a telephone poll, and Fort Knox. Amazingly, he survived. His name was Christopher Reeve.
Chuck Norris once fed a starving Ethiopian boy a 12 course meal, then promptly sacrificed the boy to Satan in an effort to boost the ratings of Walker Texas Ranger.
Chuck Norris once fell into a pool of bubbling magma. He nearly drowned.
Chuck Norris once fell into a pool of toxic waste, and the toxic waste gained super powers.
Chuck Norris once fell off of Mount Rushmore, invented the airplane in mid-air and flew to saftey.Soon after, the Wright brothers stole his idea and they were found dead. Cause of Death: Roundhouse kick to the face.  
Chuck Norris once filled in for Santa Claus, but was fired by Jesus because he gave every child only a Total Gym and a box set of every Walker Texas Ranger episode ever made. 
Chuck Norris once finished "The Song that Never Ends".
Chuck Norris once fired off a roundhouse kick to the head of an Asian opponent so hard that he made his slant eyes round.
Chuck Norris once fixed his own refrigerator. This resulted in the last ice age.
Chuck Norris once flew through space, on that trip he got so pissed off that roundhouse kicked 3 stars. Every time Chuck Norris does this we call it a Supernova.
Chuck Norris once flipped a coin, it still has not landed.
Chuck Norris once flushed himself down a toilet to fight an allegator. After defeating the beast with one swift round house kick, he went home to eat his neighbor's children.
Chuck Norris once forgot where he put his keys. He then spent the next three hours torturing himself until he gave up the location of the keys.
Chuck Norris once fought 43 midgets and a lion on Pay Per View. After slaughtering the midgets Chuck Norris could not destroy the lion since it was his biological father.
Chuck Norris once fought a bear simply because it dared to grow more body hair than Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris once fought God. Who won? People are still trying to find God, and Chuck Norris is on a perpetual worldwide victory lap.
Chuck Norris once fought in a two vs. two dual with the greatest martial artists of our time. Chuck Norris and Jackie Chan fought against Jet Li and Mr. Miyagi. Of course Chuck Norris killed both the Karate Kid's Mentor and Chinese movie star. Chuck Norris was later rumored to star in Rush Hour 3 with Jackie Chan, but the movie critics said that Chuck Norris's performance was too great to ever be shown to mortal men. So the movie was put in a secret vault containing the 10 best episodes of Walker Texas Ranger and sealed for all eternity.
Chuck Norris once fought of 767 wild Grizzly bears which is why they are now endangered.
Chuck Norris once fought off 42 ninjas bilndfolded, while having sex with 3 women.
Chuck Norris once fought Paul Bunyan after Paul said this his beard was the greatest.  Chuck proceded to roundhouse kick him in the throat and eat Babe the blue ox... alive.
Chuck Norris once found his phone number on the wall of convenience store restroom. Chuck then proceeded to burn the store to ground, then he made the owner watch him plow his wife into oblivion. The owner's wife filed for divorce the next day.
Chuck Norris once found his way into an alternate dimension in which God had decided Chuck was too powerful and had split his strength into several pieces. Chuck left in disgust when he found out that the largest piece was called Goku and spent its time flying around chasing Dragonballs.
Chuck Norris once gang banged a woman by himself.
Chuck Norris once gang-raped Jacksonville, Fl.<br />
Chuck Norris once gave birth to a baby to show women it's not that tough - then he ate it.
Chuck Norris once gave blood. It became the most powerful anabolic steriod known to man.
Chuck Norris once gave blood. The blood then went on to win the WWF (now known as the WWE) championship under the moniker of "The Ultimate Warrior". When Chuck learned of this he showed an indiscernible facial expression that could have been pride. Or disgust. We'll never know...
Chuck Norris once gave Vin Diesel and friendly noogie. Vin's hair never grew back.
Chuck Norris once glimpsed his reflection in a brick wall as he ran past chasing a stray cat. The reflection got away, but he caught the cat easily.
Chuck Norris once got 8 in a row in Connect 4.
Chuck Norris once got a girl pregnant during phone sex.
Chuck Norris once got ambushed by a tribe of angry Indians, caught an arrow with his heart, pulled it out and killed all the warriors with it.
Chuck Norris once got a root canal and complained that it was not painful enough.
Chuck Norris once got in a fight with Lance Armstrong over who had more testicles.  Chuck Norris won by three.
Chuck Norris once got into a fight with a seagull after the seagull stole his ice cream.  Chuck Norris then grabbed the seagull, bit him in half and spit the seagull's remains into a sleeping baby's face.  
Chuck Norris once got into a fight with George Bush over who loved Texas more. After Bush was filmed wiping his ass on a DVD of the 4th season of Walker Texas Ranger, Norris burned Bush's Crawford ranch to the ground and forced Bush to eat his own family. Alive. 
Chuck Norris once got stuck in an elevator. He ate his way out.
Chuck Norris once got stuck in a well, but promptly peed his way to the top.
Chuck Norris once got the $1,000,000 question in "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire" wrong because he got bad advice from the audience. As punishment, he made them chose between having their skulls crushed with a roundhouse kick to the face or to have sex with Regis. Everyone preferred to die.   <br />
Chuck Norris once guessed who the murderer was from the first page. Of a dictionary.
Chuck Norris once had a bad case of diarhea. The result, Boston, Massachusetts.
Chuck Norris once had a close black freind. One day Chucks friend called him Chucky N. Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked his friend so hard that he became unrecognizable. <br />
Chuck Norris once had a contest with The Cookie Monster to see who could eat the most cookies. Halfway through the contest, Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked Cookie Monster for no apparent reason.
Chuck Norris once had a head on collision with the sun. Luckily, the sun is so far away that the shift of its position had no effect on Earth.
Chuck Norris once had a heart attack; his heart lost.
Chuck Norris once had a myspace, but once he found out he couldn't E-Roundhouse kick spammers, he deleted his account. 
Chuck Norris once had anal sex with his wife. As a result, she was in traction for well over a year.
Chuck Norris once had a near death experience. Needless to say, Death now refuses to come near him.
Chuck Norris once had an erection while lying face down and struck oil.
Chuck Norris once had an IMAX movie in the works, but it was canned when the test audience was tragically crushed by 3-D roundhouse kicks.
Chuck Norris once had a passionate affair with a turtle. The result was four sons named Leonardo, Donatello, Michaelangelo, and Raphael. Historians later invented some story about ooze and a talking rat because they felt it would be more believable.
Chuck Norris once had a promising career as a Geisha but decided to throw it all away in order to pursue his dream of stomping ass all over the world.
Chuck Norris once had a skydiving accident in northwest Arizona. The spot where he crashed is now known as the Grand Canyon.
Chuck Norris once had his penis bronzed.  We now know it as "The Statue of Liberty."
Chuck Norris once had his reflection walk out of the mirror just to roundhouse kick meter-maids, while the REAL Chuck Norris was having a three way with his wife, and his reflection's wife.
Chuck Norris once had sex on the beach. The lucky woman exploded from the sheer force of his ejaculation. However his sperm lived on and occasionally wash up on shore, where they are mistakenly identified as giant squid.
Chuck Norris once had sexual intercourse with a female Blue Whale just to prove he was the most masculine beast on the planet.
Chuck Norris once had sex with a tractor, the result was the mechanical bull.
Chuck Norris once had sex with the Queen of England. When she asked him to cuddle, he roundhouse kicked her in the ovary and then bit off her leg - just to prove a point. Chuck Norris does not cuddle, because Chuck Norris is not a pussy.
Chuck Norris once had sex with the Virgin Mary, thus Jesus was born.
Chuck Norris once had to bend Vin Diesel over his knee and spank him after he "disrespected" the roundhouse kick.
Chuck Norris once headbutted all five Baldwin brothers simultaneously. They then promptly apologized for saying "kung fu is for kung fags," and bought Norris a $200 gift certficiate to T.G.I. Friday's. Norris has yet to use the gift card.
Chuck Norris once held an anti-government protest in Washington. At the news, the government was so terrified that it disbanded immediately and declared Chuck the new President. Though pleased, Chuck's only intent had been to lure in dirty hippies to kick their asses.
Chuck Norris once helped jump start a Hummer using his nipples. The Hummer exploded.
Chuck Norris once hit a 900 ft. home run. Even more amazing, he was playing tennis at the time.
Chuck Norris once hit a baseball so hard that it traveled around the world five times and landed in the pitcher's glove. When the umpire called Chuck Norris out, he roundhouse kicked the umpire in the face, as well as a small child in the crowd just for fun.
Chuck Norris once hit a deer with his car. He then promptly put the car back on the ground and continued driving.
Chuck Norris once hit a man with a monkey so hard, he shit a banana.
Chuck Norris once hit someone so hard that he created a hole in the 5th dimension. He then went back in time through the hole and tried to save the dinosaurs from becoming extinct. He saved a few of the dinosaurs by carrying them on his back through the time portal. The dinosaurs he saved starred in all three of the Jurassic Park movies.
Chuck Norris once hit the lottery. It was pronounced dead at the scene.
Chuck Norris once hugged a girl with down syndrome on an episode of Walker, Texas Ranger. That girl is now 1st lady Laura Bush.
Chuck Norris once hung himself delibrately just to show that all the guys on death row are pussies.
Chuck Norris once hurled his body in the way of an 18 wheeler to save a baby, coincedently while performing his NFL style victory dance he spiked the baby into the ground and performed a perfect moonwalk.
Chuck Norris once imitated the scene from "Animal House" where John Belushi crushed a beer can on his forehead. Except instead of a beer can, he used a train car.
Chuck Norris once impaled someone with his thoughts.
Chuck Norris once impregnated a room of elderly women by giving them the thumbs up.<br />
Chuck Norris once impregnated every virgin on the planet on the same day and they all gave birth on the same day nine months later. This day has been called Labor Day.
Chuck Norris once inhaled a seagull.
Chuck Norris once injested Pop Rocks while drinking Coke, and lived to tell about it. He then proceeded to bitch slap the Pope for saying how much Walker Texas Ranger sucked.
Chuck Norris once joined a Buddhist Monastary. The Buddhist leaders immediatly kicked him out after the Monks began to worship him. 
Chuck Norris once judged a book by it's cover. In a feeble attempt to stick up for itself, the book told him he couldn't do that. It's life was ended with a fatal roundhouse kick to the spine.
Chuck Norris once juggled a soccer ball 2,357 times... with just his penis.
Chuck Norris once jumped into a high school's burning chemistry lab to save three starving Ethiopian babies. Afterwords, he ate all three of them. They were delicious.
Chuck Norris once kickboxed a hobo for seventeen consecutive hours.
Chuck Norris once kicked a 50 yard field goal at the Georgia Dome to the Baltimore Raven's stadium.
Chuck Norris once kicked a carton of milk. The cow died instantly.
Chuck Norris once kicked a guy right in the jaw.  Unable to speak, the guy quickly learned sign language so he could tell all his friends how radical it was.
Chuck Norris once kicked a midget in the vagina and then the midget morphed into Carrot Top.
Chuck Norris once kicked Kim Jong Il. This is why North Korea hates the U.S.
Chuck Norris once kicked so much ass at a breakdancing contest that he created a time-space anomaly that destroyed a large amount of Ninja, Vikings, Pirates, and Lumberjacks.
Chuck Norris once killed 142 Columbian drug lords using a single magazine. He then proceeded to sit down and read as police arrived.
Chuck Norris once killed 5 people in less than a second. The only thing he said after this incident was, "Damn it, when Chuck Norris doesn't want Girl Scout cookies, Chuck Norris doesn't want Girl Scout cookies."
Chuck Norris once killed a 10,000 pound bear, tore it into 10,000 pieces, and then fed it to a school of salmon just because he enjoyed the irony.
Chuck Norris once killed a group of samurai warriors with only a ball point pen. This lead to the phrase, "The pen is mightier than the sword."
Chuck Norris once killed a judge and was sent to Alcatraz just to prove he could escape.
Chuck Norris once killed a man, bought him back to life, and then killed him again.  When asked why he said, "Did you see the look on his face the second time around?  Priceless."
Chuck Norris once killed a man by simply showing him how to love.
Chuck Norris once killed a man with his bare hands. He then revived him with his bare hands only to end his life with a roundhouse kick to the face.
Chuck Norris once killed a rock.
Chuck Norris once killed so many terrorists that at one point, the #5 CIA Most Wanted fugitive was an 18-year-old teenager in Malaysia who downloaded the movie Dodgeball.
Chuck Norris once knocked out Mike Tyson in a bare knuckle boxing match... with both hands tied behind his back.
Chuck Norris once laughed so hard after seeing a midget fall down a flight of stairs, that he ripped a hole in the space-time continuum, thus creating the phenomena of deja vu.
Chuck Norris once leaned against a tower in Pisa, Italy.
Chuck Norris once lined up in the shotgun-formation, only to be narrowly sacked by the opposing defensive end, Chuck Norris. Never the less, after throwing the Hail-Chuck Norris to All-Pro Wideout, Chuck Norris, notorious steroid using Cornerback, Chuck Norris, out of the Universit of Chuck Norris  located in Walker, Texas, intercepted the football. John Madden was so confused, he ate Al Michaels.
Chuck Norris once lined up to kick the winning field goal of a high school football game. When the football went flat, he persuaded the referees to let him kick the field goal with a 3 month old child. Chuck roundhoused kicked the baby 60 yards through the uprights and then proceeded to bang every girl in the stadium.
Chuck Norris once lit a fart while camping in the Sahara forest.
Chuck Norris once lost a poker game to Amelia Earhart and Jimmy Hoffa. When was the last time they were seen?
Chuck Norris once made a hole in one while using a Twizzler as a golf club.
Chuck Norris once made a movie using only the line, "I'm Chuck Fucking Norris" repeated hundreds of times.  This movie never made it to the public because Vin Diesel was extremely jealous  that Chuck Norris was the first one to come up with the idea of a movie involving street racing in the import scene. Vin destroyed all the movie footage, copyrighted the phrase "I'm Chuck Fucking Norris" and made The Fast and the Furious.  In return Chuck Norris cast a spell on Vin Diesel that would make all his movies suck.
Chuck Norris once made an appearance on "Emeril".  When Chuck said "Bam!," Emeril's head exploded and a pregnant woman in the audience gave birth.  Undeterred, Chuck finished the show by preparing roast Emeril with a raspberry glaze and a side of baby.
Chuck Norris once made love to a grizzly bear for 4 hours.
Chuck Norris once made love to a Sasquatch. This resulted in the birth of George W. Bush, and the Sasquatch contacting an incurable form of Syphillis, known as "The Norris Clap".
Chuck Norris once made the greatest movie of all time. Ebert gave it thumbs up, but Siskel, angry at Norris for being so much more awesome than himself, gave it thumbs down. He soon after died of a roundhouse-kick related heart attack. Ebert remains alive, and "Sidekicks" remains the single greatest achievement in cinematic history.
Chuck Norris once masturbated from Texas and ejaculated so far that it landed in a small childs fish tank, the child fell in awe of catching some of Chuck Norris' sperm, the contents of the tank then fell into the sewer, the result of this was the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
Chuck Norris once met a bear while walking through the forest. Chuck Norris showed the bear his fists. At this time, the bear proceeded to eat itself knowing that it would be a less painful way to die.
Chuck Norris once met Albert Einstein on a Caribbean cruise and offered to prove the scientists theory of relativity to him. Einstein excitedly agreed, whereupon Norris promptly roundhouse kicked him in the head at the speed of light, the net effect of which created a hole in space and time now called the Bermuda Triangle. Einstein's once flaccid hair was never the same.
Chuck Norris once met a man who cried because he had no shoes after which he ripped the man's feet off and said, "Bare feet don't sound so bad now does it pussy?"
Chuck Norris once met God. God asked him if he would rather live eternally or have His powers. Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked him in the face and said, "I'm Chuck Norris, I am God." 
Chuck Norris once met God. God has stayed in hiding ever since.
Chuck Norris once met the Virgin Mary.  She is now known as Mary.
Chuck Norris once moonlighted as a Beverly Hills plastic surgeon. With two roundhouse kicks he made Tori Spelling the most beautiful woman in the world. But when he found out she took a magazine from his waiting room, he visited the Spelling home and performed an informal second "procedure". Aaron spent all of his Fantasy Island, Vegas, Charlie's Angels, T.J. Hooker and 90210 money combined to fix the damage. Judge for yourself the results.
Chuck Norris once noticed that each women orgasms at a specific frequency. After 10 minutes of practice, he preformed the first ever orgasm orchestra for the largest crowd in music histroy. Unfortunately, the sight of Chuck Norris having sex caused every audience member to also orgasm, ruining his masterpiece.
Chuck Norris once ordered a pepperoni pizza. When he discovered that they had forgotten the pepperonis, he roundhouse kicked the delivery boy and stapled him to the pizza and ate it.
Chuck Norris once overdosed on heroin. He didn't even notice.
Chuck Norris once overdrew his checking account, the result was the great depression.
Chuck Norris once owned and operated a line of Sex-shops, but decided it would be funnier if he sold it to a kid's entertainment corporation. This chain still retains its original name, "Chuck E. Cheese's".
Chuck Norris once participated in an orgy with 500 other people. The only survivor is now in a coma.
Chuck Norris once partook in a pissing contest outside of a bar. His opponent drowned.
Chuck Norris once passed a kidney stone in Europe. We know it as the Blarney Stone.
Chuck Norris once passed a kidney stone. It is now known as Norris Hall, Virginia Tech.
Chuck Norris once passed a kidney stone the size of a baseball. The stone is on display as a moon rock at NASA.
Chuck Norris once passed a kidney stone the size of a basketball. The stone is on display in Beaver Springs Pennsylvania, and is said to possess magical powers.
Chuck Norris once peed into a black hole. This single action formed Earth, Mars, Saturn, and the Jackson Five.
Chuck Norris once performed an abortion by ramming his fist into a lady's stomach, pulling out the fetus, and biting its head off.
Chuck Norris once performed a roundhouse kick so fast that it broke the space time continuum and hit Amelia Earhart as she was flying over the Pacific Ocean. He then used this ability to go back in time to stop the JFK assassination. Chuck Norris blocked the bullet with his chest, but the feet was so amazing that JFK's head exploded. 
Chuck Norris once pinned James Bond down with a single finger and forced him to say, "The name's Norris; Chuck Norris."
Chuck Norris once pissed on a rock. Thus creating the Rosetta Stone
Chuck Norris once pissed on Judge Judy's leg and told her it was raining. Unfortunately, she could not do anything about it because as soon as his urine touched her, she became impregnated with 40 children and exploded.
Chuck Norris once played a game of chinese checkers merely by shooting the marbles. Needless to say he hasn't lost yet.
Chuck Norris once played a game of strip poker with Loki. Loki, however, cheated and won, leaving Chuck standing naked before him, which caused the god to lust after his outstanding body figure. Chuck then said, "I see that twinkle in your eyes," and kicked Loki in the nuts.
Chuck Norris once played an intense game of backgammon against a Mexican Army. The events of this game were recorded in print and have since been called "The Alamo" by several noted historians.
Chuck Norris once played a round of golf at the 18-hole Augusta National golf course and shot a 17.
Chuck Norris once played a virtual version of Street Fighter. After beating the game he took the helmet off to find that everyone within 5 miles had been killed by kicks to the head.
Chuck Norris once played Duck Duck Goose with a group of kindergarteners and only one kid made it to first grade.
Chuck Norris once played Jenga. The result was the Empire State Building.
Chuck Norris once played the lead part in a 3rd grade school production of Oliver Twist. He got all the porridge he wanted, along with some bikes and a Stretch Armstrong.
Chuck Norris once proved a calculator wrong.
Chuck Norris once pulled a building out of a burning building.
Chuck Norris once pulled a bus full of school children teetering over the edge of a cliff back onto the road with his bare hands, saving everybody inside. Even as they cheered, he screamed, "I'm not your savior!" and headbutted the bus over the edge, sending them all to their horrible doom.
Chuck Norris once punched a drug dealer so hard, that he ripped a hole in the fabric of time and space, resulting in Chuck traveling back in time during the Revolutionary War. Chuck Norris then proceeded to singlehandedly beat the Brits during the battles at Lexington and Concord.
Chuck Norris once punched a hole in a cow just to see who was coming up the road.
Chuck Norris once punched a man in the soul.
Chuck Norris once purchased a home at the bottom of the Atlantic Ocean and made it his permanent residence for two months to prove that he only breathes because he "feels like it."
Chuck Norris once purchased a necklace that contained a single grain of rice with his name written on it. Unfortunately for him, he didn't notice the man who made it wrote "Chuck Morris" on it until he got home. When he went back to complain the man was gone. Since that day, he's spent almost every waking hour in search of the man. When he finds him, he will kill him.
Chuck Norris once put on a pair of rollerskates and showed up at a quarry looking for a job.  He is now the most powerful dumptruck known to man.
Chuck Norris once quit a footrace half way through and still won.
Chuck Norris once quit smoking by roundhouse kicking a tabacco company CEO in the head, simultaneously inventing the phrase "kick the habit".
Chuck Norris once ran for Senate in Texas and won both seats.
Chuck Norris once ran over a little girl's bike and laughed for three days. Sadly, the little girl was still on her bike.
Chuck Norris once raped a rhino, just to show how badass he can be.
Chuck Norris once raped Simon Cowell. This explains why he's such an asshole.
Chuck Norris once raped the devil just to hear him scream.
Chuck Norris once read a really bad science fiction story. He was so angry that he had wasted his time on it that he ate the book whole. Later that night he shit out Scientology.
Chuck Norris once read that if a Leprechaun is captured it is obligated to give its captor the pot of gold that it keeps hidden at the end of a rainbow. Within a half hour Chuck Norris had a basement full of Leprechauns and more gold then Mr. T.
Chuck Norris once read the entire works of Stephen King in one hour by simply roundhouse kicking them.
Chuck Norris once received a spam e-mail that was supposedly from a fifteen year old girl who had a brain tumor from repeated beatings. In the name of science, the Norris went forth and beat ninety four teenage girls to death and had the local hospital do scans. No tumors.
Chuck Norris once ripped a man apart for calling his penis enormous. Everybody knows Chuck Norris' penis is gargantuan beyond mortal comprehension.
Chuck Norris once ripped a man in half just to see what he had for lunch.
Chuck Norris once roundhouse kicked a crank caller, who used a payphone through the phone line itself. Due to the unpleasant memory, now Chuck Norris glares at every pay phone. This is why the yellow pages exist.
Chuck Norris once roundhouse kicked a crocodile so hard it exploded into a pair of crocodile skin cowboy boots and a beard.  Chuck wears both to this day.
Chuck Norris once roundhouse kicked a drooling retarded kid because he thought he was spitting at him.
Chuck Norris once roundhouse-kicked a guy so hard that all of his ancestors were completely wiped out of existence, thus rendering the subject of the kick non-existent. This ended the universe as we know it until Chuck's beard began it all anew.
Chuck Norris once roundhouse kicked a helpless baby in the head, but unfortunatly it magically backfired, nearly killing him. Years later, a woman named J.K. Rowling heard of this story and turned it into the sucessful Harry Potter series. Last week, Chuck Norris shot her in the vagina and ate her children. He also found that baby, and threw it off a cliff. 
Chuck Norris once round house kicked a lazy-eyed child in the face because he was starring at him.
Chuck Norris once roundhouse kicked a man in the face with his penis. Having touched Chuck Norris' penis, the man instantly turned to gold.
Chuck Norris once roundhouse kicked a man into next week. He then roundhouse kicked himself into next week, so he could roundhouse the man another week forward.
Chuck Norris once roundhouse kicked a man's face through the back of his own skull, and Chuck was so sneaky about it the man did not notice for 3 days.
Chuck Norris once roundhouse kicked a man so hard the man was sent back in time. The man woke up and tried to have Chuck Norris arrested for assault. Chuck Norris insists it never happened.
Chuck Norris once roundhouse kicked a midget and it burst into 25 gold coins.
Chuck Norris once roundhouse kicked an albino black.  
Chuck Norris once roundhouse kicked a waitress because his steak didn't have a beard.
Chuck Norris once roundhouse kicked a women with his penis. We now know this as Kama Sutra.
Chuck Norris once roundhouse kicked Bruce Lee, breaking him in half. The result was Jet Li and Jackie Chan.
Chuck Norris once roundhouse kicked cancer so hard he gave it AIDS.
Chuck Norris once round house kicked every citizen in Canada with one swift move. When questioned about the kick Chuck replied, "Canada is for pussies."
Chuck Norris once roundhouse kicked Professor X. Thats how he ended up in a wheelchair.
Chuck Norris once roundhouse kicked Robert Duvall and Tommy Lee Jones just to prove that he is the only true Texas ranger.
Chuck Norris once roundhouse kicked Sally Jesse Raphael just to get an erection. 
Chuck Norris once roundhouse kicked someone so fast that they actually grew younger.
Chuck Norris once roundhouse kicked someone so hard in the face, they ceased to exist. This of course was never documented, because Chuck Norris then proceeded to roundhouse kick everyone within the vicinity out of existance as well. He then later wrote a book about it, a book that we now refer to as "The Bible."
Chuck Norris once roundhouse kicked someone so hard that his foot broke the speed of light, went back in time, and killed Amelia Earhart while she was flying over the Pacific Ocean.
Chuck Norris once roundhouse kicked the Down Sindrome out of a 13 year old boy. 
Chuck Norris once roundhouse kicked the earth, thus creating the hole in the ozone layer.
Chuck Norris once roundhouse kicked Tim Allen for popularizing his mating call.
Chuck Norris once said, "A strong man can fight, but a real man will end a fight; I am that real man," to a retarded child. 
Chuck Norris once said he saw something he liked in one of his students... that being his heart. Chuck Norris then proceeded to rip the young man's heart out and mounted it on his trophy case.
Chuck Norris once said that 67% of statistics are made up... everyone believed him.
Chuck Norris once saved 500 people from a burning building in 0.3 seconds. He then proceeded to give each one a fatal round-house kick to the face.
Chuck Norris once saved a building from a burning baby.
Chuck Norris once saved a cat from a tree, which was on fire, while being struck by lightning and bit by sharks at the same time.
Chuck Norris once saw a "DO NOT WALK ON THE GRASS" sign. He stared at the grass until it burst into flames then said,  "Chuck Norris walks where he wants."
Chuck Norris once saw a man with one arm. Out of pure kindness he ripped the man's other arm off and sent him on his way. Chuck Norris ate the arm for his dinner that night.
Chuck Norris once saw his reflection in the mirror and challenged himself to a deathmatch. This quandary caused the universe to implode.
Chuck Norris once saw the ring. When he realized that it took that girl 7 days to kill her victims, he found the girl, beat the shit out of her and said that he could kill them in a day.
Chuck Norris once scored 100 points in an NBA game. He was just wearing his 7-foot-tall black man outfit that he calls "Wilt Chamberlain".
Chuck Norris once scored 211 with 3 darts.
Chuck Norris once secretly fought Bruce Lee.  It was an epic battle.  The battle ended when Chuck and Bruce both punched each other in the heart at the same time.  They both died.  Bruce Lee was later buried.  Chuck Norris was resurrected by God because he was mistaken for Jesus
Chuck Norris once sent a roundhouse kick by FedEx. The result was documented in the movie "Castaway".
Chuck Norris once sent Strong Bad an E-mail, asking how he types with boxing gloves on. He received a polite, detailed response.
Chuck Norris once shat in the Indian Ocean. You saw the pictures of Thailand.
Chuck Norris once shaved his beard. When he did, the last unicorn died.
Chuck Norris once shaved Mr. T's hair off of both sides of his head as a joke, creating what we know today as Mr. T's Mohawk. Mr. T has been deathly afraid to tell Chuck he doesn't like his hair.
Chuck Norris once shit a litter of puppies.
Chuck Norris once shot a German plane down with his finger by pointing at it and yelling, "Bang!"
Chuck Norris once shot a man in Reno, just to watch him die.
Chuck Norris once shot a man in Reno just to watch him die; he then gave the story to Johnny Cash in return for his mortal soul.
Chuck Norris once showed me a video of him making love to Bill Brasky, and it was the most beautiful thing I ever saw.
Chuck Norris once showed me a video of him making love to my wife, and it was the most beautiful thing I ever saw!
Chuck Norris once shucked 4872 ears of corn in 14 minutes using his beard. Incidentally, the words "shuck corn" can be found in the name of Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris once simultaneously porked 476 women while single-handedly defeating the entire Canadian army.
Chuck Norris once slept with Xena the Warrior Princess. Their child was Mr. T.
Chuck Norris once smoked a cigarette and gave the tobacco cancer.
Chuck Norris once sneezed on a woman at the bank and got her pregnant.
Chuck Norris once snorted a kilo of cocaine; it had no effect.
Chuck Norris once snorted a line of crank off his own penis. The rush instantly killed him, however neither Heaven nor Hell could handle Norris, so he was sent back to Earth. 
Chuck Norris once snorted cocaine, shot heroin, tripped on acid, smoked weed, and took shots of pure grain alcohol. Nine months later, Michael Jackson was born.
Chuck Norris once sold the schematics to his every-lasting beard, we now know this as the Chia Pet.
Chuck Norris once spent 5 hours balancing on the head of his erect penis.
Chuck Norris once spent a night in a hotel in Virginia. The next day the state promptly changed its name to Ia.
Chuck Norris once squeezed an M&M so hard that it turned into a Skittle.
Chuck Norris once stared a man to death.
Chuck Norris once stared at a burrito until it got so hot that even God could not eat it. Chuck Norris swallowed it whole. He farted later that day. We know this as the day Mt. St. Helen's erupted.
Chuck Norris once stared at his computer for so long it got scared, created E-Bay and sold itself before Chuck Norris tracked it down and roundhouse kicked it into space.<br />
Chuck Norris once stared down a mirror.
Chuck Norris once stared into the eyes of a group of terrorists. There were no survivors.
Chuck Norris once started a brutal civil war in a third world country because he felt, "There were too many people on the planet." He also stopped it exactly a week after, by killing everyone by himself.
Chuck Norris once struck lightning.
Chuck Norris once stubbed his toe in California. The result was the formation of the San Andreas fault.
Chuck Norris once subscribed to Playboy. After reading the magazine he laughed. He laughed because he banged every girl that was in it.
Chuck Norris once sucked a golf ball through a garden hose.
Chuck Norris once survived a suicide bombing. He was the bomber.
Chuck Norris once talked in his sleep.  The words he said were recorded in a classified government document and sent straight to the president.  The No Child Left Behind Act stems from this document.
Chuck Norris once tamed a wild stallion in the forest. He rode the horse across the United States and back in under 24 hours. When he returned home he killed the horse and ate the entire thing.
Chuck Norris once taught a dog how to play poker. that very same dog went on to make it to the final table of the 1989 World Series of Poker Main Event, only to be knocked out by Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris once thought he was stuck between a rock and a hard place.  He quickly realized he was standing between two mirrors.
Chuck Norris once threatened a guy that he would "tear him a new asshole". When Chuck carried out his threat, the guy had an asshole from the base of his skull down to his right foot.
Chuck Norris once tobogganed down Mount Everest without supplemental oxygen, and sprinted back to the top when he realized he had lost his mittens.
Chuck Norris once told a joke so funny it caused a brain aneurysm, it is now referred to as the Manhatten Project.
Chuck Norris once told his moustache to strangle an entire Vietnamese village.
Chuck Norris once took 12 NoDoz pills and then slept for 48 straight hours, just to prove a point.
Chuck Norris once took a dump and instead of containing bits of corn, it contained Ashlee Simpson, Britney Spears, and the girl from Blossum.
Chuck Norris once took a dump in a large, active beehive and came away unharmed. The honey harvested from that hive sells for $100 a jar at specialty food stores.
Chuck Norris once took first prize in the annual NAACP Halloween costume contest. His costume was a slave trader.
Chuck Norris once took over a small town in Guam, thus naming himself King Norris. His only law was that if someone looked at him the wrong way there would be a public execution. The offender would then have the choice of execution, either a kick to the head, or a blow from the fist to the neck. The town lasted three days.
Chuck Norris once took part in a Civil War reenactment. It was the bloodiest day in American history.
Chuck Norris once took sleeping pills.  They made him blink.
Chuck Norris once tried skipping a rock across the Pacific Ocean. We now know this rock as Haley's Comet.
Chuck Norris once tried to commit sucide while jumping out of a plane with no parachute. He also fired five .45 caliber bullets in the direction of his skull. However, when he landed he crushed 3 people. The bullets also were deflected off of Chuck's beard and killed 11 people. Just goes to show you that Chuck Norris kicks ass even when he tries to kill himself.
Chuck Norris once tried to defeat Jackie Chan in a game of chess. When Norris lost, he won in life by roundhouse kicking Chan in the side of the face.
Chuck Norris once tried to lift all the porn in the world. 17 hours, 37 ninjas, and 23 ejaculations later, he did it.
Chuck Norris once tried to play baseball. When it was his turn to hit, he left the bat behind and decided he would roundhouse kick it. The pitcher threw the fastest pitch he could, but the ball blew up half way to the plate out of fear.
Chuck Norris once tried to shave his beard. Needless to say, his beard didn't get any shorter. The razor got a nice trim, though.
Chuck Norris once tried to sue Burger King after they refused to put razor wire in his Whopper Jr., insisting that that actually is "his" way.
Chuck Norris once used a butterfly knife camping. This may not sound special but he used it to build a tent, start a fire and kill a deer. Oh, and as a compass. 
Chuck Norris once used a space hopper to enter space.
Chuck Norris once used a wheel chair, not because he needed to, only to see if putting people in them was enough or if he should start making his beatings a bit more serious. Shortly after, the number of deaths in the world climbed dramatically. It was a bad idea to make wheel chairs comfortable.
Chuck Norris once vacationed in a whale’s gut for 3 months just to call Jonah a bitch.
Chuck Norris once visited a sperm bank. The period that followed is commonly referred to as the Baby Boom
Chuck Norris once visited Heaven. Needless to say, no one will be getting their 72 virgins.
Chuck Norris once visited the great northwestern redwood forests and had his penis mistaken by a tour guide for a giant sequoia.
Chuck Norris once visited the Middle East. While there, the Living Sea questioned his martial arts ability. Now it's the Dead Sea.
Chuck Norris once visited the Virgin Islands. They are now The Islands. 
Chuck Norris once walked an old woman across the street.  When a car didn't stop for him, Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked the car so hard he created the first mini.  Then he roundhouse kicked the old lady for good measure.
Chuck Norris once walked the million man march by himself. There were no complaints.
Chuck Norris once wanted to see what he would look like without a beard. He then split himself into two Chucks. He shaved the new Chuck Norris and called it Vin Diesel.
Chuck Norris once was approached by a man who said, "Hello, I'm John Joeseph Jonny Jr." Realizing that this was an awesomely toungue tying name, he proceeded to give Mr. Jonny a roundhouse kick to the face and stated, "Shut up. I'm Chuck Norris."
Chuck Norris once was challenged to a cannonball contest while at Venice Beach. The resulting wake caused thousands of Asians to become homeless.
Chuck Norris once washed his hands in the Red Sea. Before that it was just The Sea.
Chuck Norris once was shot and killed in a fatality scene. Unlike Brandon Lee he revived himself and drop kicked the shooter.
Chuck Norris once went back in time to the pre historic era, to exact revenge on a T-Rex that ate an ancestor. On seeing how perfect and round his roundhouse kick was, the cave men were inspired to invent the wheel.
Chuck Norris once went deep sea fishing off the Massachusetts coast. These events were chronicled in the family comedy "Jaws".
Chuck Norris once went in for a physical, and during the examination, the doctor weighed him and found that he weighed a whopping 650 pounds. Shocked at how heavy Norris was, even with how much muscle he has, the doctor asked why he weighed so much. Having been met with this inquiry many times in his life Norris simply pointed at his crotch and said, “My penis.”
Chuck Norris once went into a room with ten bad guys in it, but only had nine bullets. He came out without a scratch, and a full clip.
Chuck Norris once went missing in the desert. To find him, the search team had the dogs sniff a cloth soiled by blood and tears.
Chuck Norris once went on a space expedition on foot.
Chuck Norris once went on Celebrity Jeopardy and answered, "Who is Chuck Norris?" to every question. It was the first and only time in Jeopardy history that a contestant answered every single question right.
Chuck Norris once went out to check his mail, but it was too cold. As a solution Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked the air, and suddenly it was summertime.
Chuck Norris once went round the world in 79 days, and promptly dove to a depth of 21000 leagues under the sea. He the hunted down Jules Verne and pimp-slapped the world-renowned author.
Chuck Norris once went swimming... The blue whale is now endangered.
Chuck Norris once went to a frat party, and proceeded to roundhouse every popped collar in sight. He then drank three kegs and shit on their floor, just because he's Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris once went to an all you can eat buffet and now the dinosaurs are all extinct.
Chuck Norris once went to Chile, but was disappointed to discover the nation is not famous for chili, the food. He then proceeded to make his own chili out of puppy meat and tears from the native children.
Chuck Norris once went to jail. The morning after his first night all the inmates, all the guards, and the warden had bleeding assholes.
Chuck Norris once went trick or treating for Halloween dressed as himself. When the night was over he came away with two snickers bars, a milky way, Bill Gates' house, and Julia Roberts.
Chuck Norris once won a bet against Lays by eating just one. Since the Lays executives had not defined the stakes of the bet, Chuck took their lives as his reward.
Chuck Norris once won a brick breaking contest via satellite.
Chuck Norris once won a chess tournament using only the king piece.
Chuck Norris once won a chili contest simply by picking up the country of Chile and carrying it there with him. No one dared tell him they aren't the same.
Chuck Norris once won a drag race on foot.
Chuck Norris once won a game of Connect Four in 3 moves.
Chuck Norris once won a hot dog eating contest by consuming 100 hot dogs and six contestants in under three minutes.
Chuck Norris once won a \"Jump the Rope\" tournament by standing still.
Chuck Norris once won a monster truck rally using nothing but a skateboard and an RC remote control car battery.
Chuck Norris once won an entire game of Celebrity Jeopardy by answering with "Who is Chuck Norris?"
Chuck Norris once won a Nobel Prize for War.
Chuck Norris once won an Olympic gold medal for longest ski jump. His medal was revoked after it was discovered he accomplished this feat completely barefoot.
Chuck Norris once won a staring contest against his own reflection.
Chuck Norris once won a three legged race by himself but was stripped of his first prize when the runner up complained that Chuck Norris' massive penis doesn't count as a third leg, This enraged Chuck he roundhouse kicked both the runner up and the judges in the face causing instant death, They gave Chuck back his first prize and changed the rules.
Chuck Norris once won the Daytona 500 in a Geo Metro. He's just that awesome.
Chuck Norris once won the Daytona 500 while driving a beat up '72 pickup truck and chugging down a case of beer. He then proceeded to kick Jeff Gordon's ass for trying to pass him.
Chuck Norris once won the Gold, Silver and Bronze in the Women's Bobsled. No one ever questioned how he did it.
Chuck Norris once won the gold, silver, and bronze medal at a single Olympic event.
Chuck Norris once won the pole position for the Indy 500 running bare foot on broken glass but refused to race when he found out the other pussy ass driver really used cars.
Chuck Norris once wrestled a bear, an alligator, and a mountain lion all at once. He won by tying them together with an anaconda.
Chuck Norris once wrote 1 horoscope for everyone. It predicted pain.
Chuck Norris once wrote a book and all it said inside was, "Chuck Norris". That book has spent 3,435,823 days atop the New York best sellers list so far and has no signs of slowing down.
Chuck Norris one day found out he had a soft spot for children, knowing he could not have weaknesses he upchucked this soft spot. This soft spot is now better known as Tim Allen.
Chuck Norris only accepts oral sex from Great Whites and Aboriginies.
Chuck Norris only allows churches to exist in order to stop people from coming and praying at his house.
Chuck Norris only allows Jackie Chan to live because he likes Chris Tucker movies.
Chuck Norris only brakes for people dressed like Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris only drinks champaign served from a Klein bottle.
Chuck Norris only drinks the blood of his enemies, but cleverly disguises it as water and other beverages.
Chuck Norris' only facial expression is beard.
Chuck Norris only farted twice in his whole life. The Government later tried to covered it up by calling them atomic bombs.
Chuck Norris only goes to the mall to tell little children there is no such person as Santa Claus....then he goes to Cinnabon.
Chuck Norris only goes to women doctors, that way he doesnt feel like a homo during the "cough" test.
Chuck Norris only has sex with AIDS-infected hookers to, "Put the sport back into it."
Chuck Norris only kills one person on Christmas, and tears out their insides to give as presents.
Chuck Norris only let himself be beat by Bruce Lee because the Chinese Mafia were holding his roundhouse kick hostage, and they would've killed it unless he threw the fight.
Chuck Norris only looks one way when he crosses the street.
Chuck Norris only masterbates to pictures of Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris only maturbates to pictures of himself.
Chuck Norris only needs one to tango.
Chuck Norris' only pick up line is him snapping his fingers, pointing at a girl, and then pointing to his bulge. Chuck Norris gets it all the time.
Chuck Norris only sees one color "BLOOD".
Chuck Norris only takes a piss every couple thousand years.The last time he pissed the earth was flooded for forty days and forty nights and Noah had to build an ark.
Chuck Norris only uses emergency exits because when you are Chuck Norris, everything is an emergency.
Chuck Norris only uses one chopstick.
Chuck Norris only uses the internet to check this website.
Chuck Norris' only weakness is John F. Kennedy.
Chuck Norris only wears pants, because if he wore shorts his 32 inch penis would drag across the floor. 
Chuck Norris only wears shirts that are made in Bangladesh, by children slaves.
Chuck Norris opened Pandora's Box, looked at its contents, and then closed it.
Chuck Norris ordered a Big Mac at Burger King, and got one.
Chuck Norris' orgasm is the number one cause of drowning among women between the ages of 18-35.
Chuck Norris' orgasms can only be compared to the eruption of Mt. Vesuvius.
Chuck Norris' orgasms produce an electromagnetic pulse in a 2 mile radius.
Chuck Norris originally invented "The Total Gym" workout machine with human bones as the framework. It was later changed to aluminum for average consumers across the globe...Chuck still uses human bones. 
Chuck Norris originally starred in "Snakes on a Plane" but had to bow out because he kept scaring the snakes.
Chuck Norris owned a vineyard and made wine. It was marketed as Whine, since the grapes were juiced by Chuck Norris shaking his fist in the direction of the vines and the grapes juicing themselves out of fear.
Chuck Norris owns 3 pit bulls and 2 dobermans, yet if you go near his property the only sign you see is "Beware of Chuck Norris".
Chuck Norris owns a custom belt sander with three settings: Low, High, and Shave.
Chuck Norris owns a magical mirror that allows him to peer out of any other mirror in the world.  Any time you undress in front of the mirror in your bedroom, Chuck Norris could be watching. But he never is, because your flabby body disgusts him.
Chuck Norris owns and operates his own restaurant in Lubbock, Texas. Knuckle sandwiches are the only thing on the menu.
Chuck Norris owns an Xbox and every game ever made for xbox and while hes not killing people he plays. He has beat every game. Twice
Chuck Norris owns neither microwave nor oven. When he is hungry, he simply shouts "BAKE" to his food, and out of fear, the food instantly catches on fire
Chuck Norris owns several very successful funeral homes. The reason why is debatable.
Chuck Norris owns the greatest Poker Face of all-time. It helped him win the 1983 World Series of Poker despite him holding just a Joker, a Get out of Jail Free Monopoly card, a 2 of clubs, 7 of spades and a green #4 card from the game Uno.
Chuck Norris owns the greatest poker face of all-time. It helped him win the 1983 World Series of Poker despite him holding just a joker, a get out of jail free Monopoly card, a 2 of clubs, 7 of spades and a green #4 card from the game Uno.<br />
Chuck Norris owns the world's only bazooka that shoots flaming chainsaws.
Chuck Norris paints his house red by throwing new born babies against the walls.
Chuck Norris paints his walls by throwing children at them.
Chuck Norris parted the Red Sea. Not because he has divine powers, but because the water wants to get the hell out of there.
Chuck Norris' partner in the early 60s for all wheelbarrow races was Stephen Hawking. They never lost a race and if Hawking's body could have held up to Norris' brute strength they would still be competing today.
Chuck Norris passed a kidney stone once. You know it as the moon.
Chuck Norris passed the bar exam but decided not to become a lawyer. His reasoning was that the only law people followed rested within his right boot.
Chuck Norris Paul Bunyan and his faithful companion Babe were enjoying a fire in the woods of Michigan one night. It had been a hard day of work and Paul turned to Chuck exclaiming "I'm so hungry I could eat a horse!" And so he did. Not to be outdone, Chuck Norris turned to Paul and said "I'm so hungry I could eat a bull!" Babe was never mentioned in a Bunyan story again.
Chuck Norris pay's his bar tabs by letting the barkeep live. 
Chuck Norris pees on fires to make them larger.
Chuck Norris pees sitting down. This is because Chuck is so well-endowed he has to throw his penis over his shoulder and urinate behind his own ass.
Chuck Norris pees standing up, unlike Steven Segal.
Chuck Norris' penis has a Hemi.
Chuck Norris' penis has a social security number.
Chuck Norris' penis has a toenail.
Chuck Norris' penis has its own penis.
Chuck Norris' penis has its own zip code, amusement park, Olympic swimming pool, library, airport, Church of Scientology, zoo, house of wax, strip joint, casino, elephant graveyard, STD clinic, beauty salon, renaissance faire, blood bank, orphanage (destroyed), Chinese buffet, and silver mine.
Chuck Norris' penis has its own zip code. At Christmas time, it gets more mail than Santa Claus.
Chuck Norris' penis is actually a fully developed blue whale and his balls are actually made out of brass.
Chuck Norris' penis is a professional BMX rider.
Chuck Norris' penis is considered a weapon of mass destrution.
Chuck Norris' penis is so big, he gets emails about how to make it smaller.
Chuck Norris' penis is so large, that he in fact has to tie it around his left leg so that it doesn't get in the way of his round-house kick.
Chuck Norris' penis is so large that it actually warps the fabric of space-time. Indeed some physicists now theorise that the passage of time is mearly a byproduct of Norris' colossal erections. This is known as the "Chuck Norris' big cock theory of space-time".
Chuck Norris' penis is the 8th continent.
Chuck Norris' penis was originally cast as the role of the snakes in "Snakes on a Plane", but they couldn't make a plane big enough.
Chuck Norris' penis was the lead role in Snakes On A Plane.
Chuck Norris penned "Bohemian Rhapsody" and then gave Freddy Mercury AIDS for stealing the song.
Chuck Norris performed a lobotomy and won a staring contest at the same time. The loser was unable to comment.
Chuck Norris performs a tumbleroll when he enters any room. Not for protection, but because it looks cool as hell.
Chuck Norris performs back alley abortions with his beard.
Chuck Norris performs cold fusion in his left testicle, and nuclear fission in his right.
Chuck Norris performs missile tests in his backyard that are designed to fly to North Korea and up Kim Jung Il's ass.
Chuck Norris personally approved this fact.
Chuck Norris' pheromones don't just attract females, they actually seek out and sterilize other males.
Chuck Norris' philosophy final was one question, "Why?" He promptly stood up, performed a roundhouse kick, and left.<br />
Chuck-Norris-phobia is the scientific term for sanity.
Chuck Norris' phone number is 867-5309. Stop calling and asking for Jenny.
Chuck Norris photosynthesizes through his beard, which seems to be the source of most of his power. The rest of it stems from a steady diet of virgin girl and mayonaise sandwiches.
Chuck Norris picks fights with armies.
Chuck Norris picks his teeth with Mickey Mantle rookie cards. Ironically, it raises the price value in Beckett Magazine the second he does it.
Chuck Norris' pickup does 30 miles per gallon of blood.
Chuck Norris pimped Xzibit's ride.
Chuck Norris' pimples pop themselves.
Chuck Norris pissed on R. Kelly
Chuck Norris pisses ammonia.
Chuck Norris pisses anabolic steroids.
Chuck Norris pisses holy water.
Chuck Norris' piss flows up stream.
Chuck Norris pitched for the Texas Rangers, but when a curve-ball killed the batter, the catcher, 11 people in the crowd, a guy selling hot-dogs, and a bird, he left the sport and became the next best thing; Walker, Texas Ranger.
Chuck Norris plans on putting an "i" in team.
Chuck Norris plans to assisinate four other civil rights leaders just to get an entire week off in February.
Chuck Norris plans to reunite The Beatles. All he needs is a gun and two bullets.
Chuck Norris plans to rid the world of hunger by killing the hungry.
Chuck Norris played in the NFL for one year and was never allowed to play again. He led the league in "Roundhouse Kicks" and "Kills".
Chuck Norris played Russian Roulette with an AK-47 and won.
Chuck Norris played the shark in Jaws
Chuck Norris played the tornado in the movie "Twister".
Chuck Norris plays a game very similar to teatherball, but instead of a ball, it's a live baby.
Chuck Norris plays Battleship with real ships as opponents.
Chuck Norris plays duck-duck-goose with death row inmates.
Chuck Norris plays Four Square using a standard bowling ball.
Chuck Norris plays Guitar Hero 2, DDR, and his Virtual Boy all at the same time. Some say Halo 3 game play and physics will loosely be based on this spectacle.
Chuck Norris plays hacky-sack with bowling balls.
Chuck Norris plays hide and seek with blind children.
Chuck Norris plays "King of the Hill" on Mt. Everest.
Chuck Norris plays laser tag with rifles.
Chuck Norris plays marbles with grenades.
Chuck Norris plays russian roulette with a fully loded revolver... and wins.
Chuck Norris plays tennis on Tuesdays with Lord Voldemort. Instead of a ball, they use a live kitten.
Chuck Norris, Pope John Paul II, and Santa Claus walked into a bar. Only Chuck Norris left the bar.
Chuck Norris' powerful penis perpetually penetrates your perfectly puckered poopchute.  Saying that five times out loud will result in the statement becoming a reality. 
Chuck Norris predicts the weather by looking at his mood ring from a box of Fruity Pebbles.
Chuck Norris' preferred birth control method is a roundhouse kick to the womb.<br />
Chuck Norris prefers cats to dogs. This is because cats fit better in his George Forman grill.
Chuck Norris prefers crushed ice to cubed. He feels the same way about velvet and human skulls.
Chuck Norris prefers Pepsi to Coke, McDonald's to Burger King, and, surprisingly, Mr. Pibb to Dr. Pepper.  When asked why, Chuck Norris responded with, "I don't trust Doctors."  Then, he shot lasers out of his eyes, and ate the hearts of everyone in the room.
Chuck Norris prefers to have sex in his pool; the women don't catch fire as readily that way.
Chuck Norris prefers to kill people with their own bare hands.
Chuck Norris produces enough testosterone to power the entire state of New York four times over.
Chuck Norris promised a Gypsy that he would eat San Francisco when Duke Nukem Forever is released. That's why it has been pushed back so many times.
Chuck Norris proposed the idea of forming his own NFL expansion team where he would play every position on offense and defense.  The NFL declined after seeing Chuck Norris's summer practices which consisted of nothing but 5 hours straight of round house kicks. They also were turned off by his idea for the team name: The Chuck Norris Chuck Norrises
Chuck Norris proposed to his wife by spelling out "Will you marry me?" in semen.  Needless to say, she said yes.
Chuck Norris' psychiatrist once asked him if he ever missed his parents. Norris spit a huge loogey in his face and said, "Nope, I never miss."
Chuck Norris' pubic hair is flaming red. And by flaming, I mean it's on fire...  Constantly.
Chuck Norris' pubic hair is scared of his hugeness. That's why it moved to his face.
Chuck Norris' pubic hair is twice as thick as his beard... but not nearly as deadly.
Chuck Norris pulls push doors and pushes pull doors.
Chuck Norris punched a woman in the vagina when she didn't give him exact change.
Chuck Norris punched out Einstein for stealing his ideas.
Chuck Norris punches kittens for sheer enjoyment.
Chuck Norris put Baby in a corner right before delivering a roundhouse kick to Patrick Swayze's face.
Chuck Norris put Humpty Dumpty back together again just so he could break him.
Chuck Norris puts all his eggs in one basket and then stomps on the basket. Chuck Norris will not spend his time worrying about eggs.
Chuck Norris puts on his pants two legs at a time.
Chuck Norris puts paparazzi in his protein shakes.
Chuck Norris put Stephen Hawking in that wheelchair. Hawking still freely admits that it was the greatest sexual experience he ever had.
Chuck Norris puts the "ape" in "rape".
Chuck Norris puts the fist in pacifist.
Chuck norris puts the "fist" in "Pacifists".
Chuck Norris puts the fun in funerals.
Chuck Norris puts the 'I' in 'Team'
Chuck Norris puts the "kill" in "skill".
Chuck Norris puts the "laughter" in "manslaughter".
Chuck Norris puts the rage in courage.
Chuck Norris put Terry Shiavo in her coma for giving him a funny look. Unfortunately, his solution didn't stop the funny looks.
Chuck Norris put the sword in the stone.
Chuck Norris putts with a three wood.
Chuck Norris quickly realized he hated hockey after attending one NHL game. The Winnipeg Jets and Hartford Whalers are still missing to this day.
Chuck Norris raised his IQ by eating gifted children.
Chuck Norris' ran over the surgeon general with a truck full of Marlboro cigarettes, just to make the devil laugh. That devil sure loves his irony.
Chuck Norris ran the mile after the Five-Point Palm Exploding Heart Technique was used on him.
Chuck Norris ran X-Country in high school. He was the varsity captain and set a school record, California to Maine in less than a day.
Chuck Norris raped Drew Barrymore. Nothing else happened, he just raped her.
Chuck Norris raped Tony Danza and Bruce Springsteen simultaneously one day just to make them aware that Chuck Norris is the fucking boss.
Chuck Norris rarely has to leave his house. If he wants to go somewhere, he just tells it to "get the fuck over here".
Chuck Norris reads the facts on this page every day in order to find out whose children he needs to eat. Rumor has it that he comes to your house and devours your kids leg-first so you can hear their screams. And if you don't have children, he gets you pregnant.
Chuck Norris realized that if you change the "d" in "wand" to a "g", the Harry Potter books become a whole lot more interesting.
Chuck Norris realized that Vin Diesel and Mr. T have an approximate total of 1,977 more facts than him on www.4q.cc. Chuck Norris then proceeded to take a shit on the entire universe.
Chuck Norris really has no beard, but rather uses adamantium whiskers that jolt out as a defense mechanism destroying all objects in a 2 mile radius. when asked if this hurts, he replies, "Every time."
Chuck Norris' real name is actually unknown.  He adopted the name "Chuck Norris" because his actual real name spoken out loud would cause severe bleeding from the ears and your head to explode.
Chuck Norris' real name is Dr. Bruce Banner, but unlike the fictional story based off his life, the real "Hulk", is always angry and always killing. This fact is not well known because instead of turning green, he adorns a beard, and Chuck (a.k.a. Bruce) is never seen without his angry-man beard.
Chuck Norris received a computer virus on his Windows PC. He then gave Bill Gates the choice of resigning or being ramrodded up the ass with 100 copies of Windows Vista.
Chuck Norris received a perfect score on his SAT's by making his answer bubbles repeatedly spell CHUCK NORRIS... despite the fact that H-U-K-N-O-R-I-S are not choices.
Chuck Norris received both a Grammy and Platinum sales status for his hit single. The song consists of two and half minutes of straight silence.
Chuck Norris receives faxes through his buttocks.
Chuck Norris receives mail on Sundays.
Chuck Norris recently boiled someone in oil. When asked why, he said, "You just don't see anyone do that kind of shit anymore." Then he reached into the boiling oil, claiming his fries were done.
Chuck Norris recently bought Pandora's box on eBay.
Chuck Norris recently endorsed Mike Huckabee for president. Needless to say, the election has been canceled. Congratulations, President Huckabee.
Chuck Norris recently had the idea to sell his urine as a canned beverage. We know this beverage as Red Bull.
Chuck Norris recently lent Justin Timberlake "Sexy". When Chuck realized that Justin was claiming to "bring it back" it angered him greatly. Not one to gossip but don't you think it is odd that Cameron Diaz recently left? I am not going to point fingers, but I'm pretty sure we all know Chuck played a hand in this.
Chuck Norris recently parted the Red Sea, so he could win a bet with God. Chuck is now immortal and is currently debating with God that he could beat him in an arm wrestling match.
Chuck Norris recently requested that Quentin Tarantino alter what character Jules says is written on his wallet from "Bad Mother Fucker" to "Chuck Norris is a Bad Mother Fucker". The DVD is expected to be reissued sometime late 2008.
Chuck Norris recently saw the movie "Brokeback Mountain". The movie wasn't the part that pissed him off, it was that they didn't sell babies at the concession stand.
Chuck Norris recieved a PhD. in Astrophsyics from Harvard University after he discovered that his roundhouse kicks create a rift in the space-time continuum.
Chuck Norris recieved one third of the total votes in a recent episode of "So you think you can dance". He did not appear on the show.
Chuck Norris refers to all money in terms of the number of gumballs he could purchace. If you ask him how much a gumball costs, he will stare at you so hard your soul will die and your penis will fall off.
Chuck Norris refers to birth certificates as "page 1 of your death certificate."
Chuck Norris refers to himself in fourth person.
Chuck Norris' refrigerator is running, and you'll never catch it.
Chuck Norris' refrigerator is running. For it's life.
Chuck Norris regularly dines on a steady diet of broken glass, thumbtacks and napalm. Norris claims it "helps keep a man strong".
Chuck Norris regularly tries to acquire new bad habits, so that he can promptly "kick" those habits.
Chuck Norris rejected an invitation to Vin Diesel's house to play Xbox 720 and Playstation 4 as he was busy playing his Xbox 1080 and Playstation 5.
Chuck Norris remembers the Alamo, and he isn't happy about it.
Chuck Norris removed his funny bone after a tragic meeting were a young black  man bumped into is elbow Chuck, feeling a strange tingling sensation, ripped out his funny bone and beat the black man beyond recognition. Micheal Jackson has not and never will recover from this encounter.
Chuck Norris removed his own tonsils. He didn't even have tonsillitis.
Chuck Norris represents the east side, but had the west coast rappers under his control the entire time.
Chuck Norris required people he met in 1942 to have 2 pairs of lips. One pair to kiss his ass, and another to kiss yours goodbye. And this is the reason the USS Arizona sank.
Chuck Norris requires no stunt double, however his beard has stood in for the actor that played Chewbacca on many occasions.
Chuck Norris requires only one roundhouse kick to reach the center of a Tootsie Pop.
Chuck Norris requires twelve liters of rum, two gallons of gasoline, and a pinch of salt in order to get drunk.
Chuck Norris rescued over thirteen infants from Charity Hospital following the devestation of Hurricane Katrina. He did not have a boat. He has not returned the babies.
Chuck Norris revives emo people after they kill themselves just for the hell of it.
Chuck Norris right clicks on a Mac.
Chuck Norris' right leg lives by one rule: what goes around, comes around.
Chuck Norris' ring tone is a little girl crying.
Chuck Norris rode the short bus to school, not because he was dumb, but because he got a kick out of beating up retards.
Chuck Norris rolls natural 20s every time, regardless of the type of dice he rolls
Chuck Norris' Rottweiler was killed by a miniature Yorkshire Terrier. The Yorkie got stuck in it's throat.
Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked a single-celled organism for not having the mental capcity to understand his greatness. He inadvertantly created evolution.
Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked China, hence the flat faces.
Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked growth out of Gary Coleman.
Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked his grandmother in the face for telling him there is no Santa Claus.
Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked his grandmother in the mouth on Christmas morning. Socks again.
Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked Jesse Jackson so many times that Jesse became pregnant and gave birth to Kanye West.
Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked Jimmy Hoffa into the future. In the year 2052, Hoffa will reappear and fly through the windshield of a flying car.
Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked the blackness out of Michael Jackson. The obsession with young boys came later, as a side effect.
Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked the producers of Everybody Loves Raymond for not taking his opinion into account. Chuck is always the exception.
Chuck Norris round-house kicked Tom Cruise so hard that it knocked him out of the closet.
Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked Toucan Sam for giving, "Shitty directions."
Chuck Norris' roundhouse kick holds the land speed record.
Chuck Norris' roundhouse kick is an optical illusion.  His right foot doesn't swing around and hit your head, his left foot spins the earth so that your head hits his foot.
Chuck Norris' Roundhouse kick is second on the list of things people die from and has killed more people than cancer, AIDS and drunk driving combined. This is second only to the suicides committed by the people that have pissed off Chuck Norris and have not been killed by him yet.
Chuck Norris' Roundhouse kick is so fast, it broke the neck of the Roadrunner when it was going at top speed. Shortly after that, Wile E. Coyote hung himself after his boss fired him.
Chuck Norris' roundhouse kick is so powerful, it can be seen from outer space by the naked eye.
Chuck Norris' Roundhouse Kick is super-effective against all Pokémon.
Chuck Norris roundhouse kicks are legendary and mysterious. Legendary for obvious reasons, the "CNRHK" is  mysterious because nobody has even seen one and lived to tell the story.
Chuck Norris' roundhouse kicks don't have to connect with you physically. if you're within 50 miles, your flesh rips off and half your family members die.
Chuck Norris' roundhouse kicks outrank "natural causes" as a cause of death.
Chuck Norris' roundhouse kick years ago was the tool used by the state of Texas to execute people.  George W had to quit the use of it because it was too awesome of a way to be executed.  It was so awesome that the murder rate spiked for a few years because people just wanted the chance to be roundhoused by Chuck.  Chuck was enraged by W's decision so much that he roundhouse kicked his mother Barbara to death. The Barbara we see today is actually an android.<br />
Chuck Norris round-kicks clockwise in the northern hemisphere, but counter-clockwise in the southern. No one knows why, and no one has dared question him.
Chuck Norris routinely brings bombs on airplanes, but people are too afraid to tell him to stop.
Chuck Norris routinely crushes cans on his forehead. Garbage cans.
Chuck Norris rubbed his beard so hard that he wore off his own fingerprints. His smooth palm faces add the perfect amount of aero-dynamics for karate chops reaching tops speeds of 136mph.
Chuck Norris ruins the endings of Harry Potter books for children who just bought one for the hell of it. When they start crying Chuck Norris calmly says, "I'll give you something to cry about," and roundhouse kicks them in the face.
Chuck Norris runs contrary to the Geneva Convention. However, in 1958 President Eisenhower persuaded the International Court of Human Rights to strike out that particular clause, on the grounds that Chuck Norris would kick all of their asses if they didn't.
Chuck Norris runs the mile in negative 6 seconds.
Chuck Norris runs Windows Vista on his Etch-a-Sketch.
Chuck Norris runs with scissors.
Chuck Norris' safety is guaranteed when he pushes it to the limit.
Chuck Norris said, "Toy boat," until everybody else's tongue got twisted.
Chuck Norris sank the Titanic with a slow-motion roundhouse kick because Chuck Norris can't stand that Celine Dion song.
Chuck Norris saved 100% when he switched to Geico.
Chuck Norris saved a bunch of money on his car insurance by swithing to Geico. But, feeling he could press his luck, he roundhouse kicked the insurance company to the face. He doesn't pay car insurance anymore.
Chuck Norris Saved President Bush from choking on a pretzel by roundhouse kicking him in the throat.  Chuck didn't Realize he was choking, he just wanted to roundhouse kick him in the throat.
Chuck Norris saves lives by not going to 3rd world countries.
Chuck Norris saw evil, heard evil and spoke evil, then gave evil an atomic wedgie fo being a bitch.
Chuck Norris saw evil, spoke evil, and heard evil. Then he gave evil a sharp roundhouse kick to the head.
Chuck Norris saw Suri before Tom Cruise did.
Chuck Norris saw the movie, "The Polar Express," and immediately roundhouse kicked his 6 year old son in the face for convincing him to see it.  
Chuck Norris saw this site and was so mad he roundhouse kicked his monitor. This site was down for 3 weeks. His monitor is now hurling towards the Sun and we only have 60 days left of sunlight.
Chuck Norris says that guys who pop their collars up are faggots. Period.
Chuck Norris says that he "blacked out". When he awoke, women were naked, necks were broken, and a goat was wearing a t-shirt that read "Team Delta Force".
Chuck Norris's beard has its own thriving ecosystem.
Chuck Norris's beard won the Stanley Cup in 1996. 
Chuck Norris's body is not made up of individual cells. Nobody knows what he's made up of because whenever a scientist tries to examine him Chuck roundhouse kicks him in the face so hard he ceases to exist. But the legend is that Chuck exists only out of pure awesomeness.
Chuck Norris's bowels contain the secret to launching things at the speed of light.
Chuck Norris's brain played Krang in the popular television show "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles". His brain was often caught sleeping with April O'Neil.
Chuck Norris scared God into giving men nipples. They are his targets.
Chuck Norris's chest hair is used as an aphrodisiac in some small Asian countries.
Chuck Norris's cock is so large he has a fiveskin.
Chuck Norris's communication with The Afterlife is made possible by talking to the black guy on Walker Texas Ranger.
Chuck Norris's daily protein shake includes grizzly semen for overall strength, walrus urine to enhance the mind, and an entire squirrel just because Chuck Norris finds it amusing to liquify squirrels in a blender.
Chuck Norris's dick is so big, it has its own Dick. And Chuck Norris's Dick's dick is bigger than your dick. 
Chuck Norris's dick is the reason why Dakota Fanning's teeth are so messed up.
Chuck Norris seasons his dinner with anthrax and pepper.
Chuck Norris secretly raises orphan boys, teaching them as much awesomeness and destruction an individual human can absorb. These orphans are known as the Marines.
Chuck Norris secretly sleeps with every woman in the world once a month. They bleed for a week as a result.
Chuck Norris sees dead people. He is the one who killed them.
Chuck Norris sees everything in black and white. Not because he is colorblind, but because he blinded color with a roundhouse kick.
Chuck Norris sees himself as the only human. The rest of us are sitting ducks.
Chuck Norris sees you when you're sleeping and he knows when you're awake. He knows when you've been bad or good, so be good or be prepared to have your face demolished by a roundhouse kick.
Chuck Norris sees you when you're sleeping. He knows when you're awake. He knows if you've been bad or good and he kills you either fucking way.
Chuck Norris' semen is the main ingredient in Miracle Gro.
Chuck Norris' semen is the polio vaccine.
Chuck Norris' semen is what makes Special K so special. 
Chuck Norris sent each of the judges at the Academy Awards a giftbasket of mini-muffins and assorted treats to sway them to vote for Sidekicks as Best Picture of the Year. Although it did not win, Chuck is not discouraged and has been filming Sidekicks 2 for 11 years in his basement apartment.
Chuck Norris serves no purpose. Chuck Norris serves no one.
Chuck Norris sets off motion detectors without moving.
Chuck Norris's Favorite Drink is Gasoline on the Rocks, served with an olive on a matchstick.
Chuck Norris's favorite food is baby soul.
Chuck Norris's favorite vegetable is Terri Schiavo.
Chuck Norris's friends once threw him a surprise birthday party. Unfortunately, when Chuck Norris unexpectedly saw all those people in his house, his mind involuntarily went into "defense/kill" mode. Chuck Norris lost many dear friends that day. 
Chuck Norris's girlfriend once asked him how much wood a woodchuck could chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood. He then shouted, "HOW DARE YOU RHYME IN THE PRESENCE OF CHUCK NORRIS!" and ripped out her throat. Holding his girlfriend's bloody throat in his hand he bellowed, "Don't fuck with Chuck!" Two years and five months later he realized the irony of this statement and laughed so hard that anyone within a hundred mile radius of the blast went deaf.
Chuck Norris's golf score is always 18 because they put the hole wherever his ball lands.
Chuck Norris' shadow looked at him funny one day so he roundhoused his shadow in the face. He no longer has a shadow.
Chuck Norris shaves everyday. A new beard grows back instantly.
Chuck Norris shaves every night before going to bed. He has a 5 o'clock shadow before he falls asleep, and a full beard when he wakes up. If anyone sees him in this beardless state, something bad happens. We don't know what though, because no one has ever lived to tell.
Chuck Norris shaves his beard daily with a chainsaw, but when chuck looks in the mirror, it immediately grows back.
Chuck Norris shaves with a John Deere tractor.
Chuck Norris shaves with an AK47.
Chuck Norris's heart beats once every full moon.
Chuck Norris sheds his skin once a year.
Chuck Norris' shit actually don't stink.
Chuck Norris' shit does NOT smell like roses. Roses smell like Chuck Norris' shit.
Chuck Norris shit his pants once in his life. That was when Chuck Norris saw a picture of Chuck Norris for the first time.
Chuck Norris' shit is collected and sold as "Quick Start" fire logs.
Chuck Norris shits bricks, this is why he is such a hard ass.
Chuck Norris shits Olympic gold medals, then feeds them to his dogs, which he then eats.
Chuck Norris shits out human skulls, and he doesn't have to wipe.
Chuck Norris shits Skittles, but only the grape ones.
Chuck Norris' shoes, most notably the one that roundhouse kicked the Berlin wall down are kept in a secret government closet in Langley, Virgina. This may be the only government secret that Clinton did not sell to the Chinese.
Chuck Norris shot 2pac and Biggie, but the police were too afraid to actually arrest him in fear of being roundhouse kicked and sodomized.
Chuck Norris shot and killed a man with a laser tag gun.
Chuck Norris shot at 50 Cent 9 times, but didn't finsh him because he wanted to do it with a roundhouse kick to the face. But 50 Cent ran in horror.
Chuck Norris shot Bon Jovi in the heart for giving love a bad name.
Chuck Norris shot his age on the golf course when he was 17.
Chuck Norris shot the sheriff AND the deputy. He then occupied the position of deputy.
Chuck Norris shot the sheriff, but he did not shoot the deputy. He roundhouse kicked him in the face instead. 
Chuck Norris showers in Pabst Blue Ribbon and mongoose blood.
Chuck Norris shows no mercy, because in Chuck Norris' language the word "mercy" means "beardless".
Chuck Norris's idea of a good time is farting on little girls' heads, and then roundhouse kicking their virginity into space.
Chuck Norris' sidekick on Walker Texas Ranger isn't black, he's bruised.
Chuck Norris single-handedly built the Great Wall of China after losing a bet with Buddha.
Chuck Norris single handedly ended World War II with two Roundhouse Kicks. You might know them as Atomic Bombs.
Chuck Norris single-handedly invented technology by staring down an Asian and stealing his soul. He then roundhouse kicked the man for shits and giggles.
Chuck Norris singlehandledy discovered the fifth element while jacking off to Michael Jackson's "Beat it"
Chuck Norris' sisters used to dress him in their dresses and<br />
Chuck Norris' skin is stonewashed.
Chuck Norris's kisses taste like candy.  Candy and roundhouses.
Chuck Norris sky dives from the ground up.
Chuck Norris skydives without parachutes and while wearing lead clothing and anvils for extra speed. This is how the Mariana Trench was formed.
Chuck Norris slaps Vin Diesel whenever he feels like it.
Chuck Norris's latest idea for a TV programme is 'Celebrity Ass Rape'. Everyone thinks its a good idea, and Pat Sajak is first.
Chuck Norris slaughtered 86 people just by doing the Chicken Dance.
Chuck Norris's laundry sorts itself.
Chuck Norris sleeps on the wrong side of the bed.
Chuck Norris sleeps with a gun under the pillow. But he could kill you with the pillow too.
Chuck Norris sleeps with a night light. Not because Chuck Norris is afraid of the dark, but the dark is afraid of Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris sleeps with a pillow under his gun.
Chuck Norris sleeps with a pillow under his knife.
Chuck Norris slept through 9/11. His bedroom was on the 73rd floor.
Chuck Norris' smegma is more commonly known as E-85 Ethanol.
Chuck Norris smells like fresh cut grass
Chuck Norris's mild-mannered alter ego is Superman.
Chuck Norris' smile can blind a full-grown adult at twenty paces and has been known to deflect all projectile weapons, including rocket launchers.
Chuck Norris smokes buffalo shit because he's too tough to get a buzz from crystal meth, which was his favorite drug of choice in pre-school. 
Chuck Norris smokes only the finest Cuban cigar rollers.
Chuck Norris smokes TNT.
Chuck Norris sneezed and farted at the same time back in 1991. Meteorologists called this "The Perfect Storm."
Chuck Norris' snores so loud, the Japanese think Armageddon is coming.
Chuck Norris snorts anthrax. 
Chuck Norris snorts battery acid to get a buzz. He claims it tickles.
Chuck Norris snorts puppies for breakfast.  He says it gives him that certain "whoosh" he needs to begin his day.
Chuck Norris' Snot Rocket sent the astronauts to the moon.
Chuck Norris sodomized Scooby Doo and every member of "the gang" because Chuck Norris doesn't support gangs.
Chuck Norris sold his soul to the devil for his rugged good looks and unparalleled martial arts ability. Shortly after the transaction was finalized, Chuck roundhouse kicked the devil in the face and took his soul back. The devil, who appreciates irony, couldn't stay mad and admitted he should have seen it coming. They now play poker every second Wednesday of the month.
Chuck Norris solved a rubic's cube so fast someone watching exploded immediately.
Chuck Norris solved Pi. It actually ends with "CHUCK".
Chuck Norris solved the Bermuda Triangle by using the Pythagorean Theorem.
Chuck Norris sometimes allows Democrats to be elected as presidents to "mix it up a bit."
Chuck Norris sometimes turns himself into a deer just because it's fucking hilarious to see people get killed by them.
Chuck Norris sorts his M&M's into alphabetical order.
Chuck Norris speaks in 5.1 Dolby Digital Surround Sound.
Chuck Norris specializes in building working nuclear reactors out of wood.
Chuck Norris spelled backwards is "I'm going to roundhouse kick you in your throat".
Chuck Norris spends all of his time on this site searching through the facts so he can find the ones he submitted and give them perfect 10 ratings.
Chuck Norris spends a lot of time trying to figure out how to arm wrestle himself.
Chuck Norris spends his Saturdays climbing mountains and meditating in peaceful soliude. Sundays are for oral sex, KFC and Tequila.
Chuck Norris spends his weekends at zoos, having sex with gorillas.  No normal woman could take that kind of pain.
Chuck Norris spends his weekends binge eating Duracel batteries. He does this so that on monday he can shit out a depleted-uranium tank round to fire at the short bus that drives by his house. This is funny because he could just as easily eat a well balanced meal and roundhouse kick the bus and its occupants into fiery oblivion.
Chuck Norris's penis is so massive that it has its own elbow. In conclusion, Chuck Norris can use his penis to karate chop midgets and handicapped midgets.
Chuck Norris spent 10 years in a tiger cage in Vietnam. Not because he was caught by the Vietcong. But because he wanted to spend some time alone with his thoughts.
Chuck Norris spent the first 4 years of World War II strapped to the back of General Patton. He spent this time doodling pictures of himself punching the atom bomb.
Chuck Norris' sperm are approximately the size of a regular red salmon. So when Chuck's sperm matures, they travel up a river in which then they are caught and eaten by thirsty Japanese girls.
Chuck Norris' sperm are so hairy they are more commonly known as puppies.
Chuck Norris' sperm are so persuasive, he once impregnated a man.
Chuck Norris' sperm can be visibly seen thrashing about like fish out of water.
Chuck Norris' sperm can penetrate 13 condoms, the birth control pill, a brick wall, and the 1975 Pittsburgh Steelers offensive line in order to impregnate a woman.
Chuck Norris' sperm count is 1. Its name is Eddy and has never failed to impregnate a woman.
Chuck Norris' sperm don't look like tadpoles, they look like bullfrogs.
Chuck Norris' sperm is so fertile that a woman without ovaries, a uterus, or even a vagina is still guaranteed to become pregnant if she has sex with him. <br />
Chuck Norris' sperm is so fertile, when he bangs a chick in America, another chick in China gets pregnant.
Chuck Norris' sperm is so potent it produces a baby in 9 minutes instead of 9 months. He then eats the baby to avoid paying child support.
Chuck Norris' sperm is so virile that it travelled back in time and impregnated his mother. Only Chuck Norris could father Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris' sperms don't look like tadpoles, they look like whales.
Chuck Norris' spice rack contains, in order:  Cayenne pepper, Tabasco sauce, blood, essence of pain, and weapons-grade plutonium.
Chuck Norris' spittle can be used as a substitute for holy water.
Chuck Norris's poop is considered currency in a remote corner of Mongolia.
Chuck Norris's poop is used as currency in Argentina.
Chuck Norris spread the belief that women do not take shits... I believe him.
Chuck Norris' Sprint cellphone has a different song for every occasion he roundhouse kicks someone to death.
Chuck Norris's real name is Switchblade Killingsworth. He changed it to Chuck Norris because it sounded tougher.
Chuck Norris's reproductive organ has three parts: balls of steel, a diamond tip, and a clip-fed, .50 cal automatic shaft. 
Chuck Norris's Rice Krispies don't say shit until he gives them the OK.
Chuck Norris's roundhouse kicks are actually 3 mph faster than the speed of light.  Light could go faster, but it knows who the boss is.
Chuck Norris's roundhouse kicks are powered by love. Everytime he connects with a roundhouse there is slightly less love in the universe.
Chuck Norris's semen is a constant 90 proof. When he ejaculates, it shoots out and actually becomes little liquid bald eagles giving him the ability to impregnate women from over 40 miles away, depending on the temperature and wind strength.
Chuck Norris's softer side was shown when he helped an old lady across the street one day. However, Chuck Norris can only be nice for 15.24 seconds, so he ate the old lady after that amount of time had elapsed.
Chuck Norris's sperm are as big as eels
Chuck Norris's sperm are muscular, veiny, and march out in single file. 
Chuck Norris's sperm cures AIDS. He is now in Africa having sex with every women.
Chuck Norris’s sperm is so fertile that a woman without ovaries, a uterus, or even a vagina is still guaranteed to become pregnant if she has sex with him. 
Chuck Norris's stereo isn't measured in watts.  It's measured in horsepower.
Chuck Norris's sweat glands perspire Weapons Grade Plutonium.
Chuck Norris stabbed his grandmother in the neck for forgetting his favorite pie at Christmas. Upon learning that she had actually brought it and was playing a joke on him, he conjured her back to life by roundhouse kicking Jesus.
Chuck Norris stands outside of abortion clinics and stomp-kicks babies out of pregnant women after shouting, "Sunset!" Every woman that has had this done has thanked Chuck Norris. Then Chuck re-impregnated all of them with his seed.
Chuck Norris stared death in the face and made him confess
Chuck Norris started riding a Segway to work during filming of Season 2 of Walker Texas Ranger, a full ten years before the Segway was “invented.”  Rather than a wheel on each side, his featured 30, 1/3 sized replicas of his legs arranged in a radial pattern, effectively roundhouse kicking any terrain he encountered. 
Chuck Norris started the ever popular beating someone's ass with their own shoe.
Chuck Norris started the ever popular dead baby jokes. Except they weren't babies. And they weren't jokes.
Chuck Norris started the fire then blamed it on Billy Joel.
Chuck Norris started the I love Chuck Norris Facebook Group, he then tracked down everyone who joined it and proceeded to roundhouse kick them into oblivion for being tools of the media.
Chuck Norris starts everyday with a protein shake made from Carnation Instant Breakfast, one dozen eggs, pure Colombian cocaine, and rattlesnake venom.
Chuck Norris starts his day with a bowl of oatmeal, some pancakes and a glass of fresh squeezed Nazi juice.
Chuck Norris stays tough by having sex with a cactus at least twice a day.
Chuck Norris' Steely Eyed Gaze is so potent he can charbroil a steak with it at 30 paces.
Chuck Norris, Steven Seagal, Hulk Hogan and Mr. T are the only men alive capable of stopping terrorism. They don't because they are too busy sitting around in their Bad-Ass headquarters sipping raki and talking about who snapped the most spines in Nam.
Chuck Norris still doesn't know that Walker: Texas Ranger is a T.V. show.
Chuck Norris still uses "soap on a rope" and says he wouldn't have it any other way.
Chuck Norris stole Hitler's Jewish girlfriend.<br />
Chuck Norris stole my bike
Chuck Norris stole the cookie from the cookie jar, but no one is brave enough to do anything about it.
Chuck Norris stole Vin Diesel's hair to make his beard.
Chuck Norris stole your bike.
Chuck Norris stole your left sock.
Chuck Norris stopped making movies and TV shows because, "Not killing people is just too hard."
Chuck Norris stores his boots in Richard Simmons' ass.
Chuck Norris' strength comes from the pain and suffering experienced by each and everyone of his victims.
Chuck Norris' submission logs are NOT deleted after a week.
Chuck Norris submitted a petetion of 10,000 signatures to McDonalds demanding they bring back "The McRib" sandwich.<br />
Chuck Norris successfully mated a graham cracker with a knife. 
Chuck Norris sucks at "color by numbers" becuase his markers are filled with the blood of his victims. Unfortunatly all blood is fucking red.
Chuck Norris suffers from congenital insensitivity to pain with anhidrosis and therefore does not feel pain. Unfortunately for us, he also does not feel remorse.
Chuck Norris supports abortion.  It is still unknown whether it is his attraction to killing babies or his desire to control his child support payments that fuels his support.
Chuck Norris surprises kindergarten classes around America to tell children that Santa Claus and the Easter Bunny are not real. He does this for fun, because that's how Chuck rolls.
Chuck Norris survived abortion.
Chuck Norris swears he didn't sleep with your wife. Yes, it is strange that your children show an affinity for Texas justice and beard cultivation. No, Chuck Norris does not know why your wife can only climax when you wear a karate uniform. Chuck Norris thinks you are asking the kind a questions a person asks when they want to be kicked in the face.
Chuck Norris' sweat is actually pure whiskey.
Chuck Norris' sweat makes up most known steroids.
Chuck Norris' sweat repels mosquitoes and other irritating insects, such as William Shatner.
Chuck Norris sweats actual bullets. He never uses them, he doesn't have to.
Chuck Norris sweats bullets... literally.<br />
Chuck Norris sweats diesel fuel
Chuck Norris sweats Gatorade.
Chuck Norris's wife died of blood loss after his beard ripped her face off while they were having sex. When the police showed up to arrest him for her murder, he kicked their asses, then went to each of their houses and fucked their wives. And daughters. And mothers. And dogs. 
Chuck Norris's wife gave him a blow job. She's now pregnant.
Chuck Norris takes a baseball bat into the can with him in case he craps out a wildcat and has to beat it to death.
Chuck Norris takes baths in mercury, and poisons the mercury.
Chuck Norris takes cold showers, but still manages to steam up the mirror.
Chuck Norris takes no prisoners, but he does take their wives.
Chuck Norris takes regular drives through black neighborhoods with his doors unlocked.
Chuck Norris takes steroids as a downer.
Chuck Norris takes steroids but only so that his balls will fit in his pants.  
Chuck Norris tans the sun.
Chuck Norris taught Grizzly Adams how to grow a beard.
Chuck Norris taught his son how to drive by entering him in the Indy 500. The kid wrecked and died. Chuck said it would've happened sometime.
Chuck Norris taught Mike Tyson how to bite his opponents' ears off.
Chuck Norris taught the Crane Kick to Mr. Miyagi. He created it when he picked "Faggot" in Charades.
Chuck Norris teaches weekly karate classes to groups of women. During the class Chuck always ends up tricking the women into dyking out and then banging him.
Chuck Norris tears can be collected, but you have to milk his eyes like the fangs of a cobra. Only one person has tried, and his name was Christopher Reeve.
Chuck Norris' tears cure cancer. Too bad he has never cried.
Chuck Norris tells time by staring directly into the sun.
Chuck Norris' ten gallon hat holds eleven gallons.
Chuck Norris' Testicles are named "Conan" and "Thor". When asked why he named them like this, Chuck said, "By the Power of Grayskull, I Have the Power!"
Chuck Norris' testicles have their own beard.
Chuck Norris' testosterone levels are so high, he can impregnate men.
Chuck Norris thinks anyone who uses the metric system is a pussy.
Chuck Norris thinks bathrooms are a waste of time. He'd rather shit all over the floor and get it over with.
Chuck Norris thinks Curt Schilling is a pussy and should shut his mouth about his bloody sock. Says Norris in next week's SI: "I once took out a whole gang of bank robbers with two bloody ankles, but since I wear cowboy boots, nobody saw them." Making a big mistake, Tom Verducci yawned during the interview, and was immediately roundhouse kicked in the face.
Chuck Norris thinks Full House is funny. No one has dared to question his opinion.
Chuck Norris thinks Sheryl Crow isn't a true environmentalist with her "one square toilet paper usage." Chuck Norris wipes with his bare hand.
Chuck Norris thinks that cards are impersonal. To add his own brand of originality, he painstakingly makes a message out of tiny razors which he then attaches to his foot. When the lucky birthday boy/girl sees Chuck, he roundhouse kicks them in the stomach and delivers his well wishes in a present that will stay for life.
Chuck Norris thinks that MacGuyver is a complete prick because he doesn't have facial hair.
Chuck Norris thinks that MacGyver is a bitch. To prove this he roundhouse kicked Murdoch in the face and killed him instantly. MacGyver scared for his own life, quickly fashioned a space ship and escaped to live in outer space. Chuck Norris awaits his day on SG-1.
Chuck Norris thinks, therefore he kills.
Chuck Norris thinks trucker hats are for douche bags... and truckers.
Chuck Norris thought Arnold's movie "Commando" was lacking in senseless killings.
Chuck Norris thought he was wrong once, but he was mistaken.
Chuck Norris thought it would be funny to make a mountain range in the Barrens look like a penis and balls. Blizzard has yet to remove it from World of Warcraft.
Chuck Norris thought that the television show "The Amazing Race" was a reality show about white people.
Chuck Norris thought up some of the funniest Chuck Norris facts ever, but he hasn't submitted them to the site because he doesn't believe in any form of submission.
Chuck Norris throws a dog when he wants to play fetch with his bone.
Chuck Norris throws midgets for fun. He used to do it competitively, but it all ended horribly when he killed the pope.
Chuck Norris throws stones, even though he lives in a glass house.
Chuck Norris throws the best Super Bowl parties, even though he throws them in July.
Chuck Norris ties dead puppies to his feet to simulate real blood spraying from the faces of his stunt actors.
Chuck Norris TKOed Mike Tyson in Nintendo's Mike Tyson's Punchout on the first try. It was so easy that after he did it he murdered a puppy.
Chuck Norris told Stevie Wonder he was black.
Chuck Norris told that one kid from the Sixth Sense that he has AIDS. He then smiled.
Chuck Norris told the kid from the "Sixth Sense" that he has AIDS.
Chuck Norris took 3 of every animal on his ark. Then he called Noah a pussy and roundhoused kicked a Minotaur.
Chuck Norris took a horse to water and made it drink.
Chuck Norris took a massive piss in a dumpster in Milwaukee in the dead of winter. Some homeless guy was thirsty and got plastered drinking the ice cold urine.  Thus, Miller Genuine Draft was born.
Chuck Norris took both the Red Pill and Blue Pill.
Chuck Norris took Heroin for 11 months - just to show how easily he could get off it.
Chuck Norris took my virginity, and he will sure as hell take yours. If you're thinking to yourself, "That's impossible, I already lost my virginity.", then you are dead wrong.
Chuck Norris took the Blue Pill and still found out the truth.
Chuck Norris took the money he made from Sidekicks and bought a nice pair of slacks.
Chuck Norris took the Pepsi challenge and chose root beer.
Chuck Norris tops his roast baby with puppy flakes and ground kitten.
Chuck Norris' "Total Gym" commercials are based on his real-life experience in killing whores.
Chuck Norris tought everyone in Texas karate, so it would look cooler when he kicked their ass on TV.
Chuck Norris trained his pet mouse to hunt tigers.
Chuck Norris tried out for the part of Kindergarten Cop, but the child fatality rates were to high.
Chuck Norris tried to stop looters in New Orleans purely with positive thought.  When that failed he shot them 14 times in the face with an assault rifle.
Chuck Norris tries everything at home.
Chuck Norris tries this at home.
Chuck Norris trims his beard with a chainsaw.
Chuck Norris trims his beard with a dull bayonet.
Chuck Norris tripped the Roman Empire into falling.
Chuck Norris tugs on Superman's cape/ Chuck Norris spits into the wind/ Chuck Norris pulls the mask off the 'ole Lone Ranger/ And Chuck definitely messes around with Jim.
Chuck Norris' turds don't float, they swim.
Chuck Norris turned the Virgin Mary into Bloody Mary.
Chuck Norris tweaked his Harley to give it four wheel drive.
Chuck Norris understands Jean-Claude Van Damme.
Chuck Norris underwent Kemo Therapy and didnt lose any of his hair. When the doctor asked how this could be true, Chuck stared at him until he disintegrated.
Chuck Norris unintentionally invented cocaine when he crushed an albino child into a fine powder, and then devoured the child with his nose.
Chuck Norris unleashed the AIDS virus on the world to kill everyone that is not Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris, unlike most people, is able to breathe in the vacuum of space. In fact, anything else would damage his respiratory system. Because of this, whenever he's visiting Earth, he wears a respirator, which resembles a kickass beard.
Chuck Norris urinates once a year, this is known as monsoon season. 
Chuck Norris' urine gets 57 miles to the gallon in any Kia. Upon learning that his urine was being used as an alternative energy source to gasoline by a foreign automobile company, Chuck Norris began drinking nuclear waste. Over 1300 Kia owners perished from radiation before scientists identified the problem. Chuck Norris is not sorry.
Chuck Norris urine is 98 percent adrenaline and 2 percent testosterone. 
Chuck Norris' urine is an alternative fuel source.
Chuck Norris used Bill Clinton to cover up his affair with Monica Lewinsky.
Chuck Norris used his bare hands and caught the Road Runner. He then roundhouse kicked Wile E. Coyote for being so incompetent.
Chuck Norris used his pure concentrated awesome to create the ice age because he got hot while working out.
Chuck Norris used MacGyver's left eye and spleen to bust out of prison.
Chuck Norris used the majority of the money he made for Missing in Action II to have the inside of his wife's vagina lined with denim.
Chuck Norris used to be a member of the Super Friends, but they kicked him out after he beat the Legion of Doom in 13 seconds and spent the rest of episode having sex with Wonder Woman.
Chuck Norris used to be an All-American baseball player in college. He was banned however from Major League Baseball when it became known that his blood is actually a steroid.
Chuck Norris used to beat the shit out of his shadow because it was following to close. It now stands a safe 30 feet behind him.
Chuck Norris used to eat nothing but habanero peppers with tabasco sauce for dinner until one day those pussy peppers gave him frostbite. He now eats molten lava breakfast, lunch and dinner. Asian babies for dessert.
Chuck Norris used to have two penises but during a freak bunging accident one was ripped off and caused twelve million dollars in damage to the dock below.
Chuck Norris used to train in the Sahara Forest.
Chuck Norris used to work for Kelloggs. He shredded wheat. 
Chuck Norris used to work for the Make a Wish Foundation. We all know where this one is going.
Chuck Norris uses a belt-sander to wipe his ass.
Chuck Norris uses a hedgehog as a pillow.
Chuck Norris uses a lime juice and salt mixture as his contact solution.
Chuck Norris uses a live squirrel as a loofah in the shower, brushes his teeth with elderly men, and gargles with fire and loose gravel.
Chuck Norris uses all seven letters in Scrabble... Every turn.
Chuck Norris uses AOL Trial Offer CDs as a sundae topping.
Chuck Norris uses a pencil to sharpen his pencil sharpener
Chuck Norris uses a rat to move the cursor on his computer screen. The rat's name is Splinter.
Chuck Norris uses a South African termites nest as pillow to wake up clean-shaven.
Chuck Norris uses babies as footballs and feels no shame.
Chuck Norris uses bleach as mouth wash.
Chuck Norris uses chain-mail condoms.
Chuck Norris uses gunpowder to soothe his jock-itch.
Chuck Norris uses Hefty bags for condoms.
Chuck Norris uses his beard to sharpen his pencil, that is when he's not using the blood of his victims to write.
Chuck Norris uses his forehead as a flyswatter... and he has never missed.
Chuck Norris uses his penis to look around corners.
Chuck Norris uses his Playstation 3 controller as a vibrator.
Chuck Norris uses Jupiter's Great Red Spot as his own personal "Glory Hole".
Chuck Norris uses kittens and razor blades as lubrication when he masturbates.
Chuck Norris uses lesser men as currency.
Chuck Norris uses Linux because he is bored of breaking Windows.
Chuck Norris uses live sharks as condoms.
Chuck Norris uses mace as mouthwash.
Chuck Norris uses pepper spray as eye drops.
Chuck Norris uses porcupines for toothpicks.
Chuck Norris uses porcupines to scratch himself.
Chuck Norris uses real mouses to navigate through windows on his computer. He shuts down the computer by eating the mouse.
Chuck Norris uses ribbed condoms inside out, so he gets the pleasure.
Chuck Norris uses tabasco sauce as lubricant when masturbating.<br />
Chuck Norris uses Tabasco Sauce for eye drops.
Chuck Norris uses the blood from "Alien" as a facial scrub. 
Chuck Norris uses the blood of small children as lubricant when he masturbates. He does not have sex, because he does not want to create a weaker version of himself. There can be only one.
Chuck Norris uses the Five-Point Palm Exploding Heart Technique to cure his heartburn.
Chuck Norris uses the Holy Grail for beer and Mr. Pibb.
Chuck Norris uses the mouth of a live shark to masturbate.
Chuck Norris uses Viagra eyedrops so he can look hard.
Chuck Norris use to be a regular guest on Sesame Street, until Snuffleupagus accidentally ate his sandwich. Many muppets died that day.
Chuck Norris usurped God's throne in heaven. That's why God now works at a gas station in Rio Rancho, New Mexico.
Chuck Norris utilizes the worlds largest Total Gym as Voltron's personal trainer.
Chuck Norris vacations in Darfur when he needs to relax.
Chuck Norris vacations inside the Bermuda Triangle during the hurricane season.
Chuck Norris versus God, who would win? Trick question! Chuck Norris is God.
Chuck Norris' very first roundhouse kick is better known as Krakatoa. 
Chuck Norris vetoed the Law of Gravity.
Chuck Norris viciously attacks Bill Gates anytime he needs lunch money.
Chuck Norris, Vin Diesel and Arnold Schwarzenegger have all died and are in Heaven. Each of them hope to occupy the seat next to God. God asks Vin Diesel why he thinks he should have the seat and Vin replies, "I believe... I should have the seat because of the virtuosity in my toughness and pride." Arnie says, "I believe... that I should be the one sitting next to you because of all my achievements." God then turns to Chuck Norris, who replies with, "I believe... you are sitting in my seat."
Chuck Norris violates all the laws of Science, God, Man and Nature in that he is both a pirate and a ninja, simultaneously.
Chuck Norris visited a preschool one day while the children were coloring American flags. One child colored the flag red, white, and purple. Chuck Norris immediately roundhouse kicked every student in the face and burned down the school. He's going to your school tomorrow...
Chuck Norris visited Russia once many years ago. A clumsy Russian accidentally spilled some vodka on his shoe, and the town of Chernobyl has never been the same since.
Chuck Norris visited the Lincoln Memorial and Abe offered him his seat.
Chuck Norris' voice always echos, no matter what. Even in the vaccuum of space he will echo. Top scientists believe its the result of his tight jeans. Damn he has a sweet ass.
Chuck Norris volunteers at retirement homes just so he can push old people in wheelchairs onto the freeway.
Chuck Norris votes people off of the island by roundhouse kicking them into the ocean.
Chuck Norris waited patiently in Al Capone's vault for 63 years just so he could give Geraldo Rivera the surprise beating of his lifetime.
Chuck Norris walked into a bar and the bartender asked, "Why the long face?" Chuck Norris destroyed him.
Chuck Norris walked into heaven one day, jesus thought, "OMFG WallHax!", Chuck Norris proceeded by roundhouse kicking Jesus down to earth, where he spent his life being persecuted not for being a king of the people, but for not being impressed with Chuck's impressive hacking skills.
Chuck Norris walks during the Running of the Bulls.
Chuck Norris walks into a bar.  Bartender says, "Wow...it's McGyver!  Have a round on me, McGyver."  Three hours later, the police find everyone in the bar dead with boot prints on their faces.  It turns out that Chuck Norris doesn't even drink. He was looking for a clothing store. Reminiscing about that day always makes Chuck laugh.
Chuck Norris walks to the moon to take a dump.
Chuck Norris walks with somewhat of a limp; this is not the result of a stunt injury, as certain media accounts have insinuated, but because of his cumbersome rhinoceros balls.
Chuck Norris wanted to become a Jedi, but when he tried the council said he was tpo old. The events that followed became known as the Jedi Purge.
Chuck Norris wanted to be the "voice of God" in the movie "Dogma", but Ben Affleck locked him in a bathroom at a Denny's on the day of the recording session. In retaliation, Chuck introduced Ben to Jennifer Lopez.
Chuck Norris wanted to "taste the rainbow," so he ate Toucan Sam.
Chuck Norris was abducted by 3 aliens, but only once. He returned after he anally probed the 3 aliens as well as their spacecraft. Chuck Norris likes to probe only an even number of things.
Chuck Norris was a carnie in his youth. His ass was the cannon for the Human Cannonball. As a result, the Human Cannonball ended up somewhere in the Andromeda galaxy.
Chuck Norris was actually born a triplet. His brothers were death and pain.
Chuck Norris was actually James Cameron's first choice for the Terminator, but backed out after saying the character would ruin his "toughguy" image.  
Chuck Norris was actually Martin Luther King's dream.
Chuck Norris was advised by a guru that he would attain eternal happiness if he went 7 years without breaking necks. Chuck Norris snapped the guru's neck like a twig.
Chuck Norris was a founding member of The Urinators, a group of supermutants that kill unsuspecting victims by peeing acid on them.
Chuck Norris was a guard at Shawshank Prison. To this day, Morgan Freeman cannot take a piss without Chuck Norris's permission.
Chuck Norris was always watching Rockwell.
Chuck Norris was a member of the X-Men. He was known to everyone as "Colossus", not only because of his incredible physical strength but his ability to use his erect penis to plow through and destroy entire civilizations.
Chuck Norris was a pro-bowl place kicker for the 1972 Dolphins.  He also started at middle linebacker, quarterback, running back, and head coach.
Chuck Norris was arrested in the early 80's for throwing stray cats at oncoming buses.
Chuck Norris was asked to read for the part of William Wallace in Braveheart but when it came time for Chuck to scream freedom before he died he screamed "Don't Fuck with Chuck!" then proceeded to kill everyone in the casting room except Mel Gibson.
Chuck Norris was at home relaxing one day when his doorbell rang and an Avon makeup lady was at his doorstep selling makeup.  He was so pissed off he roundhouse kicked all of her makeup in her face and she's been unable to get it off since.  Today we call her Cher.
Chuck Norris was at the Live SNL taping where Ashlee Simpson was caught lip syncing. After the show, he promptly roundhouse kicked her career.
Chuck Norris was awarded the nobel price for peace, for letting so many people live.
Chuck Norris was banned from playing baseball after he hit a ball into the middle of next week.
Chuck Norris was banned from the Olympics after he won every gold medal, and promptly melted them down to make what he called "the perfect condom".
Chuck Norris was banned from the professional competition eating circuit after a hot dog eating contest in which he ate five contestants and a judge by mistake.
Chuck Norris was baptized with napalm.
Chuck Norris was blind once and still had 20-20 vision.
Chuck Norris was born 10 months premature.
Chuck Norris was born a blonde, but the blood of his victims dyed his hair and beard to a healthy orange.
Chuck Norris was born a Ninja, but became a Pirate. He also spent brief periods of time as a Gangster, Robot, Zombie, Viking, Monkey, Surfer, Samurai, and Jesus before settling on Cowboy as his ultimate choice.
Chuck Norris was born Charles Edwin Norris III. Despite being mere minutes old, he grabbed his birth certificate and roundhouse-kicked it up his father's ass because, as he said, "I will never get any pussy with the name Charles. From now on, call me Chuck... because it rhymes with fuck."
Chuck Norris was born covered in blood. Two minutes later, out came another dead fetus. Chuck Norris shares his birthday with no one.
Chuck Norris was born from an egg.  He roundhouse kicked his way out. This proves the egg came before the chicken.
Chuck Norris was born in 1940 and reincarnated in 1939.
Chuck Norris was born of the Greek gods Ares and Hermes in a grand session of buttsecks that may never be equaled.
Chuck Norris was born on March 10, 1940. This is the first day of creation. All events and things of note that happened prior to this date were created by Chuck Norris as an illusion for the rest of us.
Chuck Norris was born with a third testicle. It was removed and is now known as the "Blarney Stone".
Chuck Norris was born with cowboy boots on. The spurs on his boots made sure that he wouldn't have a younger brother to compete with.
Chuck Norris was born with his beard.
Chuck Norris was born with tesicles of such great size, that when they dropped at the age of 3 and half, it created a crater so large that it single handedly killed off the dinosaurs. Today the crater is know as the Atlantic Ocean.
Chuck Norris was born with two umbelical cords, one red and one blue. The bomb squad cut the wrong one.
Chuck Norris was breastfed by two genetically enhanced female elephants.
Chuck Norris was breast fed whiskey.
Chuck Norris was called to the set of the movie "Independence Day."  They needed a way to show the Statue of Liberty laying on its side.  To do this, Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked the statue down, let it lay long enough for them to film the scene, then stared at it until it stood back up.
Chuck Norris was camping once and needed to releive himself so he dug a hole. You might know it as the Grand Canyon.
Chuck Norris was casted to play Mad Max in Road Warrior.  Chuck read the script and realized he could not fit the role of a mere mortal and gave it to Mel Gibson.
Chuck Norris was cast for the lead role in the Broke Back Mountain sequel. Only this time, the movie will be set in Oklahoma, and be called "Tornanus Alley".
Chuck Norris was challenged to write the best fiction story of all time. He called it "The Bible". It was so good that it inspired several religions.
Chuck Norris was conceived when God round-house kicked Satan in the ovary.
Chuck Norris was created in a test tube with the semen from a ninja, a lumberjack, and a pirate.  This is why in his spare time he has been known to roundhouse kick down trees, build a pirate ship out of them, and proceed to plunder a small village.  
Chuck Norris was curious to see if the Statue of Liberty was shaved. He found that there was only one other thing thicker than his beard. So in anger he roundhouse kicked the Statue of liberty in the clit. By doing this he gave her such a huge orgasm that the rumble caused Mt. St. Helens to erupt, thus proving the female orgasm is NOT a myth. Thank you Dr. Norris.  
Chuck Norris was entered into the Guinness Book of World Records for Most dead bodies fit into a single phone booth with 34. They didn't count the 9 dogs either.
Chuck Norris was fired after appearing in one eposide of "Lost" after repeatedly questioning why the others couldn't build a Boeing 747 from the wood scattered on the island and be home for the 7 PM viewing of "Walker Texas Ranger" like he did.
Chuck Norris was forced to attend anger management class. The next morning the instructor's head was found in Chuck's bedpan.
Chuck Norris was forced to get a vasectomy after 20,000 suits of child support were filed against him. The doctors were forced to use hedgeclippers.
Chuck Norris was formed during the Big Bang and consists mainly of interstellar gas. He iss still cooling down.
Chuck Norris was going to serve as a sideman for Sting's solo career, but decided that, "It was never meant to be." He then proceeded to stab Elliot Smith.
Chuck Norris washes his hands before he takes a shit.
Chuck Norris was hired to excavate the Channel Tunnel, a feat he completed in three hours with his bare hands. The remaining 8 years construction time were spent filling the tunnel back in to get it down to the desired diameter.
Chuck Norris was hit by a city bus in New York City once. The city is now suing Chuck for damage claims done to the bus.
Chuck Norris was home schooled, as his adolescent erections would scare young girls and emasculate young boys.
Chuck Norris was in "Barbie Horse Adventures" on the PC. After they shot the end FMV, he ate all the horses and directors and put a "Hot-Coffee" mini-game in.
Chuck Norris was initially chosen to play the role of Paul Bunyan but the director kept getting him and Babe mixed up.
Chuck Norris was in line at the deli when Ellen Degeneres approached him from behind and asked if she could order before him because she was in a rush. Chuck Norris asked her what she wanted and she replied three pounds of turkey and two and a half pounds of ham. Before she knew what happend Chuck was gone. He came back two minutes later with a sandwich that only a man like Chuck Norris could eat. It had three pounds of turkey and two and a half pounds of ham in it. Chuck then delivered a fatal round house kick to Ellen's head and said no one cuts The Chuck. He then ate the sandwich over her corpse.
Chuck Norris was inspiration for all the characters in all of the Mortal Kombat games. Yes, even the female characters. But Chuck Norris did not use a knife on a rope as Scorpion does to do his "get over here!" attack, Chuck of course used his penis.
Chuck Norris was intended to play Luke in Star Wars, but Chuck decided that Luke was too much of a bitch.
Chuck Norris was in the process of being buried during his funeral ceremony when he suddenly jumped up and kicked everyone's ass. Apparently Chuck Norris sleeps with his eyes open.
Chuck Norris was kicked out of the National Kickball League for roundhouse kicking the balls through people's torsos.
Chuck Norris was kicked out of the Power Rangers because each of the Rangers were named after a color and he was the only one named after a state.
Chuck Norris was kidnapped by a secret government organization trying to produce a biological weapon of unfathomable strength and terror. He was the only survivor, escaping the complex after a tragic explosion engulfed the facility. Last time he was seen he was donning a Guy Fawkes Mask and top hat.
Chuck Norris was named after himself.
Chuck Norris was never born, he is the mutant offspring of Justice and Karate.
Chuck Norris was never born, he just appeared one day because he decided he really needed to exist.
Chuck Norris was never formally trained to do a roundhouse. He discovered that when he gets angry he gets a hard-on and it straightens his pants leg causing his leg to lash out.
Chuck Norris was not born. He sprang from Zeus's forehead a fully formed badass.
Chuck Norris was not born, he was forged.
Chuck Norris was not cast in Double Dragon, primarily because another dragon would not be needed. And Single Dragon just sounds stupid.
Chuck Norris was not puzzled when he saw the smile on the Mona Lisa, because it naturally turned to a look of sheer horror in the presence of Chuck. This is how the motion picture was invented.
Chuck Norris wasn't born a virgin.
Chuck Norris wasn't born with feet, just boots.
Chuck Norris wasn't nominated for a Best Supporting Actor Oscar for his cameo in "Dodgeball" because he is above simple awards. And when he does want one, he steals it.
Chuck Norris was offered the role of Michael Knight in 80's TV Show Knight Rider, He turned it down however because he thought Kit was a dick.
Chuck Norris was on an episode of "Press Your Luck". When it was Chuck Norris's turn, he said, "C'mon, no Whammies." No one has ever seen another Whammy, or another episode of "Press Your Luck". 
Chuck Norris was on a season of Survivor once, but the entire season got cut after Chuck Norris murdered everyone on the island for eating his Cheetos.
Chuck Norris was once accused of heresy by the Pope, but as it turns out, Chuck Norris is, in fact, the true son of god.
Chuck Norris was once asked to join the A-Team. He refused, because there's no "Chuck Norris" in "A-Team."
Chuck Norris was once asked to play a game of capture-the-flag. He took over Europe by claiming all of their flags in his name, and nobody argued with him.
Chuck Norris was once asked whether he preferred pirates or ninjas. He chose ninjas because most pirates have already had some of their limbs torn off.
Chuck Norris was once attacked by rattlesnakes. Their fangs shattered trying to puncture his skin.
Chuck Norris was once called a bull in a china shop, so he ate the bull and blew up the china shop with his immense laughter. He then ate the man who insulted him.
Chuck Norris was once challened to swim the English Channel. In response, he drank in the entire North Atlantic, walked across to France, and relieved himself upon the wine-growing regions there. The wine that year was the finest on record.
Chuck Norris was once charged with three attempted murdered in Boulder County, but the Judge quickly dropped the charges because Chuck Norris does not "attempt" murder.
Chuck Norris was once clean shaven and Vin Diesel used to have a full head of hair. Then the two crossed paths.
Chuck Norris was once convicted of murder and imprisoned at Alcatraz. He escaped and wrote an article about it in the New York Times entitled "How I Spent A Weekend in San Francisco."
Chuck Norris was onced asked, "Who let the dogs out?" He paused for a moment and then calmly stated, "Go fuck yourself."
Chuck Norris was once fed music staff paper on accident. When he defecated later that night, the remains of the paper was a beautiful piece. He gave it to his friend Beethoven, who called it his fifth symphony. Chuck was angry that Beethoven had not given him any of the money he made, so he shot Beethoven in the ear, resulting in deafness.
Chuck Norris was once fined $1,000 for drawing Native American war symbols in invisible ink on the canvases of the Metropolitan Museum of Art's Impressionist wing.
Chuck Norris was once fired from WWE, because mercilessly tearing the limbs off your opponent and eating their hearts raw does not count as a pin-fall.
Chuck Norris was once forced to attend a wedding he didn't want to go to. He roundhoused the groom, fucked his mother, the bride, her mother, the bridesmaids and drunk the bar dry. No one forces Chuck to do anything without a little payback.
Chuck Norris was once given a 30 minute comedy special on HBO. After his first joke, nobody laughed, so Chuck Norris proceeded to roundhouse kick the entire audience to death while he laughed hysterically. This special will now be held biweekly, ranging from thirty seconds to an hour depending on how much sleep Chuck got the night before.
Chuck Norris was once held prisoner back in 'Nam. Chuck plucked a hair from his beard, picked a booger and combined them together to create a grenade launcher and killed every soldier in the prison. Once he was back in America he told his story at a bar. A desperate producer overheard his story and a light bulb lit up in his head. That night MacGyver was born.
Chuck Norris was once hired as a stuntman for Charlton Heston in The Ten Commandments. They needed someone who not only wore a beard, but also could part the Red Sea.
Chuck Norris was once in a car accident leaving him paralyzed from the waist down. While in a wheelchair,he roundhouse kicked Christopher Reeves in the face and said, "Who's super now?"
Chuck Norris was once in a porn film, it was for this reason that "wide screen" was invented.
Chuck Norris was once in a porno, but you could only see the women if it was in widescreen.
Chuck Norris was once involved in a protest at an animal research facility. He released all the animals from their cages and created mass chaos. As he was running out, one of the bunnies that he released bit him. When he got outside, he set the entire lab on fire, killing all the animals inside. His fellow protestors asked him, "Why would you do such a thing?" Norris replied, "There is only one thing Chuck Norris hates more than animal cruelty... and that is irony."
Chuck Norris was once masturbating and was on the verge of the biggest orgasm ever. Right before he got there he turned to Noah and said, "Build an arc."
Chuck Norris was once on Celebrity Wheel of Fortune and was the first to spin. The next 29 minutes of the show consisted of everyone standing around awkwardly, waiting for the wheel to stop.  
Chuck Norris was once on the Dating Game, he is called the biggest winner in game show history when he walked out of the studio carrying not only the three contestants, but every woman in the audience. These women are now the Dallas Cowboy cheerleaders.
Chuck Norris was once presented the Golden Lifetime Achievement Award by the World Karate Union Hall of Fame. No one ever talks about the fact that his "Lifetime Achievement" involved the slaying of 900 people.
Chuck Norris was once pulled over by a cop for going through a 25 mph school zone doing 80 in his Ford Pinto. When the cop looked inside the car to give Norris a ticket, the incredible amount of badassness emanating from Chuck Norris instantly made him go insane, causing him to pull out his gun and shoot himself in the head. Norris laughed all the way home, and drove and extra 10 mph faster just for spite.
Chuck Norris was once startled by Santa Claus coming down his chimney. The result was Hanukah.
Chuck Norris was once taking a dump in a public bathroom in New York, and at one point, the man in the next stall made a comment about the horrible stench of Chuck's feces. Norris proceeded to release a bout of flatulence that incinerated the poor fool shitting next to him, and then recounted his story to a scientist friend of his, who did some further research. The basis for the atom bomb was discovered, and the research was called "the Manhattan Project", named for the place where Chuck Norris released his radioactive fart. Japan would never be the same.
Chuck Norris was once the F.B.I's chief negotiator. His job involved calling up criminals and saying, "This is Chuck Norris."
Chuck Norris was once the judge at an interpretive dance competition. He found them guilty.
Chuck Norris was once the ruler of Atlantis. He became bored with his empire and decided to flush it down his toilet along with the largest shit ever made in the history of Chuck Norris.  Atlantis is now known as New Jersey.
Chuck Norris was once told that his show "Walker Texas Ranger" was for rednecks. He simply looked at the man stroked his beard and the man's children have been born with mullets ever since. The man is said to have committed suicide.
Chuck Norris was once trying to roundhouse kick a duck and a beaver at the same time. The unparalelled speed and force of the kick fused the two animals together, resulting in the platypus.
Chuck Norris was once walking along the Sahara Desert when he decided he needed shelter from the sun. So he stared at the sand until it melted into 2-ton blocks. He then made his shelter, which we now call the Great Pyramids.
Chuck Norris was once watching the movie "Bambi" with his five year old son.  When the lovable Bambi was shot, his son began to cry.  Chuck stood up, and in a fit of rage yelled, "Chuck Norris doesn't raise pussies.  Do I have to round house kick you back into your mother's womb?"  After his son shook his head, Chuck sat back down on the couch.  Just when everything seemed calm, he executed one of his infamous no look punches on his son and then yelled, "Sneak attack, bitch."
Chuck Norris was one of many strangers David Blaine came up to and asked "Hi, do you have a minute." Chuck Norris thought this was an attempt to get him alone and kicked the shit out of David Blaine and stole his deck of cards after.
Chuck Norris was one of the original members of Wu Tang Clan, but quit because they weren't street enough.
Chuck Norris was only a ranger in texas because if he had had a wider jurisdiction he would have put the police out of business.
Chuck Norris was only in a wheel chair once in his life... so he could take down Steven Hawking fairly.
Chuck Norris was on Survivor once.  The show never aired as all other contestants were elimintated in minutes due to roundhouse kick related injuries.
Chuck Norris was originally a character in Clue. Problem is, when Chuck Norris kills, the body is never found.
Chuck Norris was originally cast as Luke Skywalker in the Star Wars movie series, but quit after he was told he was not allowed use his beard as a shield because it didn’t look realistic. Problems also arose after Norris used the “force”, because the women on set reportedly “couldn’t sit for a week.” Norris defended his behavior by stating, “I know no other way.” Chuck did play an important role in the movie, however. The Death Star was an exact replica of Norris’ left testicle.
Chuck Norris was originally cast as one of the lead roles in Brokeback Mountain but had to be replaced after breaking 72 backs during the first day of shooting.
Chuck Norris was originally cast as Ra’s Al Ghul in Batman Begins. He was released from his contract after it became clear he was never going to let Batman win.
Chuck Norris was originally cast as the main character in 24, but was replaced by the producers when he managed to kill every terrorist and save the day in 12 minutes and 37 seconds. 
Chuck Norris was originally cast as the Terminator, but realized the saying "I'll be back" wouldn't make any sense, because Chuck Norris is always there.
Chuck Norris was originally casted as Tony Montana in the movie Scarface. When Chuck first said the line, "Fuck you meng," the director immidiately pissed his pants. He was then greeted with a roundhouse kick to the orbital bone and Chuck Norris was thrown off the set.
Chuck Norris was originally casted to play the leading role in Titanic. He refused because he thought the movie was a biography of his 6-foot long penis. 
Chuck Norris was originally cast in Snakes on a Plane. However, when he yelled, "I want these motherfucking snakes off this motherfucking plane!" the snakes listened.
Chuck Norris was originally cast instead of Samuel L. Jackson, on the Snakes On A Plane movie, but was removed because he instead strung together every snake, and used them to build a fully functional equally sized airplane made entirely of live snakes.
Chuck Norris was originally chosen for the movie Armageddon, but in the end the producers went with Bruce Willis. Because in real life Chuck would have given the killer asteroid a roundhouse kick at the moment it posed any danger. Thus turning the 2.5 hour epic into a 10 minute after school special.
Chuck Norris was originally going to be crucified along with Jesus and the thieves. When they couldn't get the nails through his skin, they decided to let him off with a warning. Amused by this, Chuck Norris gave his own warning. We know this today as the Book of Revelations.
Chuck Norris was originally going to be Kenny on on the movie, "Half Baked" but could not because every time they did the scene with the horse the Walker Texas Ranger theme music started playing out of no where.
Chuck Norris was originally offered the part of Rambo, but turned down the part claiming, "Guns are for pussies, the only things I need are my legs and my beard." Sly Stallone got the part the next day.
Chuck Norris was originally offered the role as Frodo in Lord of the Rings. He declined because, "Only a pussy would need three movies to destroy a piece of jewelery."
Chuck Norris was originally offered the role of Spider-Man, but was forced to turn it down because his beard kept ripping through the mask.
Chuck Norris was originally scripted for the movie "Jerry Maguire" but he refused because he needed no one to complete him. He then promptly roundhouse-kicked the writer for such foolishness.
Chuck Norris was originally set to be cast as the star of "Snakes on a Plane"; however, the director decided that the movie's biggest, baddest villain shouldn't be contained in the hero's pants.
Chuck Norris was originally the fifth Ninja Turtle. After Splinter kicked him out for "not being a mutant", Chuck roundhouse kicked him and the rest of the turtles, thus beginning the Boston Massacre.
Chuck Norris was originally to be cast as the protagonist in Terminator.  He denied, since he has already stopped a time war between machines and mankind.  Twice.
Chuck Norris was pissing on 14 year old girls YEARS before R Kelly.
Chuck Norris was playing Tekken 5 one day and finally met his match. His 12-year old son beat him with Eddy Gordo by randomly pressing buttons. Chuck Norris then roundhouse kicked his son in the throat killing him instantly. That night Chuck Norris ate well... He ate well indeed...
Chuck Norris was put on this earth to do two things: drink some beer and kick some ass. Chuck Norris successfully drank all of the beer this world had to offer by the time he was 3 months old. He has been kicking ass ever since.
Chuck Norris was raised by Lowland Gorillas and returns to Africa once a year to mate and reassert his dominance over the rest of the tribe through a complex series of grunts, chest thumping and roundhouse kicks.  
Chuck Norris was raised to respect the views and opinions of others, with a swift kick to the face.
Chuck Norris was recently credited with finding a new race of people living in his chest hair.
Chuck Norris was sad when Hitler died. Because they were BFF.
Chuck Norris was sending an email one day, when he realized that it would be faster to run.
Chuck Norris was sent to Iran do deal with their nuclear weapons. The force of his roundhouse kicks on the stock piles of uranium created a new element, Chucktonium, which he took and uses to spice up his nachos.
Chuck Norris was sent to the principal's office in fourth grade for roundhouse kicking his teacher to death... while bench pressing 5,000 lbs. and making fun of the foreign kid.
Chuck Norris was sitting on a bench in the mall when a little girl walked by and asked her mom if she could sit on Santa's lap. He proceded to roundhouse kick the little girl and her mom in the face and cancelled Christmas.
Chuck Norris was skipping stones off the coast of New Jersey and accidentally killed 13 people in Europe.
Chuck Norris was so mad when he found out Santa wasn't real, he invented Hanukkah.  
Chuck Norris was supposed to be the next face on Mt. Rushmore. Unfortunately the granite is not a hard enough material to replicate Chuck Norris' beard.
Chuck Norris was supposed to star in an episode of the Simpsons, but the only plausible situation involving Chuck featured him killing all the men and children and having sex with all the women, and wasn't good for the continuation of the program.
Chuck Norris was taking and evening stroll in a local neighborhood when a mountain spring water truck slammed in to a retarded child playing in the street. Chuck Norris rushed to the scene, destroyed the driver, and resurrected the child making him normal again. This event is celebrated as a show on TV called Captian Planet.
Chuck Norris was the 1987 USWF Weight Lifting Champion. This is considered very impressive considering Norris didn't even enter the tournament, but won anyway because he's fucking awesome.
Chuck Norris was the 5th face on Mount Rushmore, but when the artist got his nose wrong, Norris karate chopped it off the mountain
Chuck Norris was the actual cause of death of Fredo Corleone. The Don, Michael Corleone, wanted to show mercy. But Chuck knows you don't ever take sides with anyone against the family.
Chuck Norris was the architect who designed the Pentagon. He modeled the shape after a massive dump he took one day.
Chuck Norris was the creator of all things but his stupid little brother God came into his room one day and wrecked it. Chuck gave him 7 days to put it back the way he had it. God finished in 6 days and Chuck proclaimed that it was good.
Chuck Norris was the fifth Beatle, the tenth member of the Fellowship of the Ring, and wrote the Bible. Of course we don't know this because Chuck Norris, being the humble soul he is, roundhouse kicked all knowledge of this out of existence.
Chuck Norris was the Fifth Ninja Turtle, but he was kicked out when he refused to wear a protective shell and continued to maintain that "Roundhouse Kick" was the only weapon he needed.
Chuck Norris was the fifth Teletubby.  His name was "Kil Kil".
Chuck Norris was the first baby to be thrown out with the bathwater.
Chuck Norris was the first human being to walk upon the moon. He carved his body in a combat stance on the dark side of the moon as a warning to aliens.
Chuck Norris was the first human to willingly snort anthrax, all he did was sneeze and out came Steven Seagal and Jet Li.
Chuck Norris was the first man ever to have a PhD in kicking ass and taking names.
Chuck Norris was the first NFL player to perform an endzone celebration. The dance: A perverse sex act with 1964 presidential nominee, Barry Goldwater.
Chuck Norris was the first person to climb Mount Everest. Naked.
Chuck Norris was the first person to impregnate a man.
Chuck Norris was the first person to tame a dinosaur.
Chuck Norris was the first redhead. Every other redhead in the world is the illegitimate child of Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris was the fourth Wiseman. He brought baby Jesus the gift of "beard". Jesus wore it proudly to his dying day. The other Wisemen, jealous of Jesus' obvious gift favoritism, used their combined influence to have Chuck omitted from the Bible. Shortly after all three died of roundhouse kick related deaths.
Chuck Norris was the inspiration for Donkey Kong, HD-TV, and waterslides. Yes, waterslides.
Chuck Norris was the inspiration for "The Clapper". He once broke into the home of Clapper inventor Joseph Pedott and every footstep of his would turn the lights on and off. So far, Pedott has failed in his quest to create a clapper that matches Chuck Norris' powers.
Chuck Norris was the Jewish Humanitarian of the Year. (Seriously)
Chuck Norris was the model for all of the silhouettes featured in the MLB, NBA and USA Curling Association logos.
Chuck Norris was the only person allowed to take a shit on the White House lawn. That turd still resides there and is known as George W. Bush.
Chuck Norris was the only soldier in Vietnam who could respawn. He didn't need it though.
Chuck Norris was the original choice to replace Bob Barker on The Price Is Right.  However, CBS executives went with Drew Carey after the first show Norris hosted.  Apparently, Chuck slaughtered every contestant that looked to the audience for help, pushed several old ladies underneath the Big Wheel (while spinning at full speed), gangraped all the Beauties on stage during a commercial break, and promoted the euthanization of all wildlife at the end of the show.
Chuck Norris was the original Danny Tanner on the hit family sitcom, "Full House". He was replaced by Bob Saget after an unfortunate incident with one of the Olsen triplets.
Chuck Norris was the original Horseman of the Apocalypse. He had to be replaced with four different horsemen, because they didn't want the Apocalypse to be anticlimactic.
Chuck Norris was the original host of the reality series "Survivor". The show never aired clearly because nobody survived.
Chuck Norris was the original inspiration for MacGayver, but producers felt his excessive use of his own semen for his contraptions was inapropriate for television and a penis double was never found for shots Norris called "too gay".
Chuck Norris was the original Master of the Universe until He-Man drugged him and stole his sword. Chuck Norris retaliated by raping She-ra with He-Man's dead carcass.
Chuck Norris was the original model for Brawney paper towels. He gained this position by winning a competition to see who could beat a women well enough to intimidate her into a life of cleaning and servitude.
Chuck Norris was the original TV dad for the Keatons on the sitcom Family Ties, however when he found out that pussy Michael J. Fox was gonna play his son, he called them all faggots, punched a hole in the front door with his pinky, fucked Meredith Baxter-Birney, and Michael Gross got the part instead.
Chuck Norris was there at the beginning of mankind, and he's damn well going to make sure he'll be the end of it. 
Chuck Norris was the Red, Black, Blue and White Rangers all at once.
Chuck Norris was the secret briefcase item in Pulp Fiction.
Chuck Norris was the youngest person to turn 50.
Chuck Norris was told by Dr. Phil once that he had anger management issues. Chuck Norris then proceded to uppercut Dr. Phil in the nards.
Chuck Norris was told by his doctor that he needed more minerals in his diet. Twelve Miners from West Virginia went missing that same week.
Chuck Norris was told that the Statue of David was the world's best statue. He replied by roundhouse kicking a mountain, the result was a 2,000ft statue of Chuck Norris. He then destroyed it because it was too awesome for anyone but him to see.  
Chuck Norris was vacationing in the desert and came across a genie in a bottle. The genie asked Chuck Norris for three wishes and was granted a roundhouse kick to the face.
Chuck Norris was visiting an elementary school teaching pupils about discipline through martial arts. At the end of his lecture he asked if there were any questions. One child put his hand up and asked who his mentors were when he was a child. Upon hearing this, Norris went over to the child, bent down and screamed in his ear "You can't handle the truth!" before delivering a roundhouse kick to the throat. That'll teach the little bastard.
Chuck Norris was voted "Most likely to save a POW using a mule kick" by his senior class.
Chuck Norris was watching his television one day, when he saw a commercial that simply infuriated him. A few hours later, he was spotted crossing the Texan border and proceeded to kill every last man, woman and child in the state, invoking an epic genocide unheard of for decades. He then roundhouse kicked Texas from the face of the planet. When later asked why he had done such a thing, Chuck sternly responded, "Nothing is bigger than Chuck Norris. Nothing."
Chuck Norris was well aware of the Secret of the Ooze before Shredder, Splinter, or any of the Ninja Turtles. He remained silent, however, because of his modesty and intense hatred of spoilers.
Chuck Norris was what Willis was talkin' 'bout.
Chuck Norris was with a good friend when he was suddenly attacked by a ninja. He easily defeated him by throwing him out the window. His friend commented by humorously saying, "Looks like that guy got 'chucked' out the window!" Chuck Norris was confused at the mention of his name, and roundhouse kicked his friend through a wall.
Chuck Norris was working out in the gym with one of his daughter-in-laws. In an attempt to impress Norris, she started to train really hard. When she asked Chuck if he was impressed, he replied with "Weights don't hit back" and broke her neck with a roundhouse.
Chuck Norris water skiis alone with only a canoe and a number 2 pencil.
Chuck Norris' weakness is that he can't kick ass without eating breakfast. Ironically, he eats ass for breakfast.
Chuck Norris wears a cross around his neck. A damn shame that he only got one for the purpose of crucifying small rodents.
Chuck Norris wears a live rattlesnake as a condom.
Chuck Norris wears a mullet wig on weekends just so he can kick the asses of those who make fun of him.
Chuck Norris wears bear traps for sandals.
Chuck Norris wears bio-enginered ranglers that don't rip when he kicks.
Chuck Norris wears custom made boots with his name imprinted on the bottom. The reason being is so if anyone ever asks him for his autograph, they will get it permanently across the side of their face.
Chuck Norris wears glasses that make everyone look Asian. This is why he kicks so many people in the face.
Chuck Norris wears Jet Li as a tie.
Chuck Norris wears live rabbits as bunny slippers. He puts on said slippers every morning by kicking the rabbits in their anus.
Chuck Norris wears only rabid wolverines for underwear.
Chuck Norris weighs as much as a thousand suns. Normally, the laws of physics would cause him to collapse in on himself, but the laws of physiscs are afraid of being roundhouse kicked into another dimension.
Chuck Norris went as Chuck Norris for Halloween.  He got twice as much candy as anybody.
Chuck Norris went golfing one day. He got a 3 pack of golf balls. He plans to use the other two as soon as the first one wears out.
Chuck Norris went into a hospital. When they asked him what was wrong, Norris replied "I've got disco fever," and then he killed eight paramedics.
Chuck Norris went into a kindergarten to talk about fire safety. After four minutes three children were on fire and Chuck had shot a bottle-rocket out of his urethra.
Chuck Norris went on a date with Terri Schiavo. She stated that Chuck was a "terrible actor", and refused to sleep with him. The term "persistent vegetative state" was invented the next day.
Chuck Norris went on a drug trip with Raffi, which resulted in the lyrics for the song "Banana Phone".
Chuck Norris went on "Are you Smarter than a 5th Grader?" and once again proved that Chuck Norris can whoop the shit out of any 5th grader.
Chuck Norris went on Nickelodeon GUTS and won all the events without any Bungee Cords. Then he had sex with Mo on top of the Agro Crag.
Chuck Norris went scuba diving a few weeks ago off the coast of Austrailia. A Great White died from a Chuck Norris attack that day.
Chuck Norris went through puberty before his dad did.
Chuck Norris went to a club with medieval weaponry because he misunderstood what a rap battle is. He won anyway. There were no survivors.
Chuck Norris went to a fortune teller once. She predicted pain.
Chuck Norris went to college on an affirmative action scholarship. Nobody objected. 
Chuck Norris went to Hawaii. After a crazy night with some dancers, he blamed the mess at Pearl Harbor on the Japanese.  He then donated his sperm to the Atom Bomb project. America won the war.
Chuck Norris went to Mexico just to prove that he could drink the water and not get sick. The resulting urine is now known as Tequila. The Mexicans then began to water the urine down in order to preserve as much as possible. They market the result as Corona.
Chuck Norris went to Orange County, California and single-handedly kicked everyone's ass for one day being forced to watch The O.C.
Chuck Norris went to the bathroom while at a party and came out with toilet paper stuck on his foot.  Nobody told him about it because they were afraid he would hurt them.  Chuck happened to look down to tie his shoe and saw the toilet paper.  He proceeded to beat up everyone at the party for not telling him that he had toilet paper stuck on his shoe.  When it comes to Chuck Norris, it's always a lose-lose situation.
Chuck Norris went to the DMV and the clerk asked him for three forms of ID. He gave her a roundhouse kick, a whisker from his beard, and a "Walker, Texas Ranger" DVD.
Chuck Norris went to the supermarket to pick up some eggs, but everytime he touched the eggs, the scrambled themsevles and jumped out of the shell.  When asked by the a beautiful woman how he was able to perform such a feat, Chuck Norris replied, "I am all that is man."  He then stared at her for 5 seconds, then gave her a roundhouse kick to the face.
Chuck Norris, when clean-shaven, radiates the heat of three suns.
Chuck Norris whistles in German.
Chuck Norris' wife could'nt get some water to boil on their stove. So Chuck walked over and simply placed a piece of hair from his beard in the water and it immediatly began to boil. After seeing this his wife thanked him. He then roundhoused kicked the boiling pot of water onto his wifes face, reminding her never to speak directly to face of Chuck Norris again.
Chuck Norris' Wikipedia entry has been completely fabricated by the Catholic Church.
Chuck Norris will be accepting the Autobot Matrix of Leadership at which time he will become known at Chucktimus Prime.
Chuck Norris will be cloned in the 31st Century and defeat the invading aliens by playing the theme from "Walker, Texas Ranger" on the largest sound system the resistance can find.
Chuck Norris will become president in the year 2008 after he beats every member of the electoral college in a 537 to 1 caged death match.
Chuck Norris will be running for President in the next federal election. Mr. T will be his running mate.
Chuck Norris will be the next Governor of Texas. Hollywood is writing the script for "Governator vs. Goveranger". In the end, Chuck Norris roundhouse kicks California into the ocean.
Chuck Norris will devour your soul... with some fava beans and a nice Chianti.
Chuck Norris will die December 23, 2012.
Chuck Norris will eat Mike Tysons' babies. 
Chuck Norris will eat your soul for a Klondike Bar.
Chuck Norris will filet your soul, season it with hate, and eat it for breakfast.
Chuck Norris will kick you, and it will hurt. Forever.
Chuck Norris will make you an offer you can't refuse, and then make you refuse it.
Chuck Norris will never die because God is afraid he will take over heaven.
Chuck Norris will never die. He is the reincarnation of dead Buddhists pent up rage
Chuck Norris will never die. Instead, he will go nova.
Chuck Norris will never fully be male nor female. Doctors once asked him which he preferred. He gave them an ad for a Total Gym.
Chuck Norris will never get sick because germs are scared of him.
Chuck Norris will never "kick the bucket", instead he will obliterate the bucket, becoming the first person to live forever, keeping the world safe from alien invasions.
Chuck Norris will not die, he will be no more.
Chuck Norris will only have sex with women who agree to do it on his bed of nails. Needless to say, it is the best sex they will ever have.
Chuck Norris will only hire pre-op transvestites as personal security.  He believes, correctly, that no one is more alert, edgy, and dangerous as a person who is about to have their testicles surgically removed.
Chuck Norris will rip his usb drive out of the port without clicking 'Safely Remove Hardware.' He says that such precautions aren't manly.
Chuck Norris will roundhouse kick anyone in the face if they're wearing red, just in case they're a Communist.
Chuck Norris wins the Ironman contest every year, without even entering. Way back in 1978 he showed up for the first Ironman Championship, and after the officials saw Chuck Norris, they declared him the winner, and said he was the winner every year he is alive.  Everyone else is just competing for second place.  
Chuck Norris wins the Oscar for Best Actor every year. However, he refuses to accept the trophy until Oscar grows a beard.
Chuck Norris wipes before he shits.
Chuck Norris wipes his ass with barbed wire.
Chuck Norris wipes his ass with broken glass.
Chuck Norris wipes his ass with steel wool after taking a shit.
Chuck Norris wipes standing up.
Chuck Norris wipes twice without looking at the TP.
Chuck Norris wipes with 40 grit sand paper.
Chuck Norris won $1M on an episode of 'Who Wants To Be A Millionaire' without speaking or using a single lifeline
Chuck Norris won a car on the Price is Right by guessing that a can of tuna was worth $9534.
Chuck Norris won a game of "Simon Says" against Simon.
Chuck Norris won all of the gold medals at the 2006 Summer Olympics in 2005.
Chuck Norris won a recent poker game by beating MacGyver with 2 high.
Chuck Norris won a staring contest with Medusa.
Chuck Norris won 'Jumanji' without ever saying the word. He simply beat the living shit out of everything that was thrown at him, and the game forfeited.
Chuck Norris won't allow his children to be taught evolution at school. This wouldn't be a big deal, but he fathered 70% of people in the southern United States.
Chuck Norris won the 1974 Iranian Holocaust Cartoon Contest by submitting a picture of himself.
Chuck Norris won the 1976 Tic-tac-toe world championships by drawing a smiley face, the @ symbol, and the Oakland Raiders logo on a diagonal.
Chuck Norris won the 1983 World Series of Poker with Five Aces.
Chuck Norris won the 1987 Boston Marathon using his niece's Pogo stick the whole way.
Chuck Norris won the Alaska Iditarod Trail sled dog race without any dogs. He pulled his own sled wearing only a pair of flip-flops, a Hawaiian print shirt with shorts, and a cool pair of sun glasses.
Chuck Norris won the brick yard four hundred without a car.
Chuck Norris won the crusades by a T.K.O.
Chuck Norris won the Daytona 500 on the black dirt bike from "Delta Force".
Chuck Norris won the Ironman Triathlon with a piano strapped to his back. Along the way he had sex with 59 women and one one man who was quote "bitching about his wife drowning from an orgasm." When he was given the medal, Chuck explained that he was just moving his piano and didn't realize that there was actually a race.
Chuck Norris won the Kentucky Derby by shooting the horses with an AK-47 filled with carrots. He then proceeded to barbeque all the jockeys for a short meal.
Chuck Norris won the Kentucky Derby on a 3-legdged goat.
Chuck Norris won the Tour de France on a unicycle
Chuck Norris won the triple crown last year for the first time since 1978.  He needed no horse.
Chuck Norris won the world championship drag racing grand prix, and broke all previous speed and race time records using Fred Flinstone's car.
Chuck Norris wore jeans so tight his wife became sterile.
Chuck Norris worked for Taco Bell from the late 1960's until the early 1980's. He was fired because he was accused of making a quaesidilla so delicious it actually shut down the functions of the brain, thus killing massive amounts of the American public.
Chuck Norris would attempt other martial arts feats outside of a roundhouse, but after contemplating the thought, he came to the realization that it would be too powerful. Using his degree in quantum physics, he came to the assumption that it would destroy the fabric of time if he tried to expand his repetoire... unraveling the fabric of the universe and killing God.
Chuck Norris would hit that.
Chuck Norris wouldn't hurt a fly; he's too busy hurting people.
Chuck Norris would shave his beard, but there is no metal on earth strong enough to cut through it.
Chuck Norris would use guns if they didn't kill groups of people so slowly.
Chuck Norris writes only in the first person because thats the only person that matters to anyone.
Chuck Norris writes the script for the Conan O'Brien Show.
Chuck Norris writes with an eraser.
Chuck Norris wrote all the words to the "Happy Days" theme song... with his beard.
Chuck Norris wrote every single edition of the Choose Your Own Adventure books. He wrote them under pen-names to hide that they are autobiographical.
Chuck Norris wrote every song that 50 Cent ever sang.
Chuck Norris wrote the renowned "Muffin Man" rhyme, but as a method of interrogation. He's been tracking that motherfucker for seventeen years.
Chuck Norrris was also born on krypton like superman. But unlike bitch-ass superman, Chuck Norris walked here.
Chuck once did a karaoke version of "Another Brick in The Wall" by Pink Floyd. That's when the teachers all left them kids alone.
Chuck once laughed so hard milk came out his mom's nose.
Chuck says that the people who wear those fake arrow hats for Halloween are pussies. To prove it, Chuck stuck an arrow through his own head.
Chuck's beard was the inspiration for steel wool.
Chuck tortures Muslim terrorists by ramming his fist up their asses and wearing them as hand puppets.
Chuck wanted his beard to be a tiny pencil-thin moustache. The beard itself wanted to be a long ZZ-Top-like beard. Their battle continues at a standstill to this day.
Chuck was kicked out of the army for not carrying any weapon into battle.
Chuck was once in a Veit Cong prison camp but when they searched him and found his ID they let him go with their best bottle of Sake.
Chuck was the first to catch a deer using only his headlights.
Chudk Norris beat up MacGyver using only a paper clip, a rubber band, and a pinecone.
Chukc Norris kills anyone who misspells his na---
Chunk Norris can tap-dance on his head.
Circles exist because Chuck Norris beat the crap out of some squares.
Clint Eastwood and Charles Bronson don't squint. They actually close their eyes hoping that Chuck Norris will not see them.
CNN has been bought out to create the "Chuck Norris Network". The first show is titled Roundhouse, and features Bob Saget and the Olsen twins being ravaged by vicious roundhouse kicks to the face.
CNN was originally the "Chuck Norris Network" but was later changed to a news station because the awesomeness of a Chuck Norris network kept blowing up satellites, TVs, and viewers' eyeballs.
Coffee gets burned on Chuck Norris' tongue.
Coincidence that Viagra and the hole on the ozone both appeared around the same time? Ask Chuck Norris.
Cold fusion is in fact possible. Just add one of Chuck Norris' beard hairs to a half a bottle of bourbon and stand the fuck back.
Common relief for a hang over is to have another drink. Too bad the same logic can't be applied to a roundhouse kick from Chuck Norris. That would be certain death.
Congress is in the process of passing a bill to clone Chuck Norris for military purposes. They want his genes, particularly because Chuck Norris' eyes offer nightvision and 3x zoom capabilities.
Congress rejected a bill for the 22nd straight year that would make Chuck Norris the official death penalty in Texas because they still believe "a fatal roundhouse kick from Chuck Norris is more of an honor than a penalty."
Continental Drift is caused by the Earth trying to make room for Chuck Norris.
Contrary to belief, the school that wins the NCAA basketball tournament is not decided by talent, coaching, or determination. It is decided when Chuck Norris fills out his bracket. No school can argue that a basketball game is more important then living.
Contrary to Kipp Dynamite's feelings on the matter, Chuck's mom really did go to college. This in fact is a great compliment to receive in Norris' mind. 
Contrary to popular belief, a meteor did not end the dinosaurs' existance. It was Chuck Norris' roundhouse kick; it was so powerful it left a massive crater in the earth.
Contrary to popular belief, Anne Frank was in fact hiding from Chuck Norris because she was unable to pay the last installment for his creative writing class.
Contrary to popular belief Chuck Norris and Jesus are not the same person.  Chuck Norris would never let some candy-ass Romans kill him.
Contrary to popular belief, Chuck Norris, and not Space, is the final frontier.
Contrary to popular belief, Chuck Norris can kill an autistic, quadriplegic, deaf, blind, heroin-addicted two-year old and still laugh maniacally.
Contrary to popular belief, Chuck Norris did not learn martial arts. He merely rediscovered the ancient, forgotten art of Chuck Norris.
Contrary to popular belief, Chuck Norris doesn't have a beard... just really extensive pubic hair.
Contrary to popular belief, Chuck Norris had leading roles in Back to The Future parts I, II, and III. He played the part of the "Flex Capacitor".
Contrary to popular belief, Chuck Norris has the largest economy in the world; and by economy, I mean penis.
Contrary to popular belief, Chuck Norris is actually pretty judicious with his roundhouse kicks. The one thing he's always up for is roundhouse kicking retarded people and the physically handicapped. He refers to these as "mercy killings." 
Contrary to popular belief, Chuck Norris is a very talented ventriloquist. His Dummy, "Le Chuck" can roundhouse kick you in the face while Chuck drinks a glass of water.
Contrary to popular belief, Chuck Norris is in no way responsible for the advent of the computer era. However, he did invent silicon after winning a bet with Thelonious Monk by eating nothing but sand for forty days.
Contrary to popular belief, Chuck Norris is not the heartless killing machine he's made out to be. Twice a week he performs Metallica covers on his one man band stand for dying cancer patients. As a result, cancer has taken a back seat in national death rates to "rocking the fuck out with Chuck Norris."
Contrary to popular belief, Chuck Norris is the stork that delivers babies. But, not in the way that he is a bird, but in the way that he is your father. Take that as you may.
Contrary to popular belief, Chuck Norris is unable to send his roundhouse kicks across the fabric of time, however he IS able to perform this action across parallel dimentions and once, just for fun, roundhouse kicked his own ass.
Contrary to popular belief, Chuck Norris, not the Blue Ringed Octopus of Eastern Australia, is the most venemous creature on Earth. Within 3 minutes of being bitten, a human being experiences the following symptoms: Fever, Blurred Vision, Beard Rash, tightness of the jeans, and the feeling of being repeatedly kicked through a car windshield.
Contrary to popular belief Chuck Norris, not the Florida Supreme Court, made the final judgement on Terri Schiavo's fate. It was a roundhouse kick to the feeding tube.
Contrary to popular belief, Chuck Norris' pubic hair is not naturally red like his beard would suggest. It is in-fact barbed wire stained red from all the hookers he's plowed.
Contrary to popular belief, Chuck Norris' secret to success is not his beard nor roundhouse kicks, but rather a steady diet of baby flesh.
Contrary to popular belief, Chuck Norris single-handedly ended World War II when he roundhouse kicked Hitler and Hirohito in the face and told them to stop the shit.
Contrary to popular belief, Chuck Norris was dropped at Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
Contrary to popular belief, Chuck Norris was the first man to swim across the English Channel with a lit cigar in his mouth.
Contrary to popular belief Chuck Norris wears black not because it allows him to blend into the shadows but because he is still in mourning over the cancellation of the Smurfs.  Chuck misses Papa Smurf's wisdom and guidance.
Contrary to popular belief, Earth, Wind, Fire, Water, and Heart can actually combine. However, it is not Captain Planet that materializes out of thin air to stop ecological disasters from destroying our fragile planet, it's Chuck Norris dressed in full jungle camouflage with an uzi and a flamethrower.
Contrary to popular belief, George Bush is a great speaker and rarely mispronounces words. He appears incompetent because he knows Chuck Norris is watching.
Contrary to popular belief, it was Chuck Norris, not Angelina Jolie, that broke up Jennifer Aniston and Brad Pitt.
Contrary to popular belief, it was not Moses who freed the Israelites from Egypt. It was in fact Chuck Norris who delivered a sanctimonious roundhouse kick to the Red Sea, parting it for hours.  
Contrary to popular belief, James Cameron wanted to go with Chuck Norris as the original "The Terminator". However, after close inspection, Cameron realized this would be more of a documentary then the sci-fi blockbuster he was hoping for, and went with some bitch from Austria that Chuck Norris worked as bodyguard for. 
Contrary to popular belief, Mary was not a virgin. Chuck impregnated her and the result was a bearded man named Jesus that could walk on water and turn stone into bread. He could not, however, throw a proper roundhouse kick. Chuck abandoned them and denied that Jesus was his son by proclaiming that Mary was a virgin. Everyone listened, because he is Chuck Norris.
Contrary to popular belief, pixels are not little squares, but tinted pictures of Chuck Norris.
Contrary to popular belief, Rick James' recent death was not due to drug use. Nobody calls Chuck Norris bitch; he doesn't care who you are.
Contrary to popular belief, Superman is not just weak against kryptonite. His other weakness is Chuck Norris.
Contrary to popular belief, The atomic bombings of Nagasaki and Hiroshima were actually orgasms of Japanese prostitutes, compliments of Chuck Norris.
Contrary to popular belief the continents did not drift apart over millions of years but in a single day when Chuck Norris was walking across Pangaea and mentioned that he wanted to swim, right here, and right now.
Contrary to popular belief the C Walk was actually created by Chuck Norris.
Contrary to popular belief, the Department of Homeland Security is composed entirely of Chuck Norris. There has not been a single terrorist attack on US soil since the creation of DHS.
Contrary to popular belief, the infamous tsunami of 2004 was not a result of a massive earthquake, but was rather caused by Chuck Norris doing a cannonball from the deck of his yacht hundreds of miles offshore.<br />
Contrary to popular belief the primary cause of global warming is Chuck Norris. Chuck Norris can't fucking stand the winter.
Contrary to popular belief, there are no "Walker: Texas Ranger" reruns. Since Chuck Norris is such a dedicated actor, he re-enacts each episode live, the stations just call in an episode. The lack of new material is due to the mass roundhouse kick murders of the writers, who all asked Chuck to shave his beard.
Contrary to popular belief, There is something Chuck Norris can't do - losing.
Contrary to popular belief, there was a third Jerky Boy named Chuck Norris. While the other two were responsible for making crank calls, Chuck was responsible for calling people and telling them, "You have ten seconds until you die."
Contrary to popular belief, there was never an atomic bomb dropped on Hiroshima. The blast was actually the result of Chuck Norris being told that fortune cookies are Chinese, not Japanese.
Contrary to popular belief, the Titanic was not sunk by an iceberg but rather a patented Chuck Norris roundhouse kick.
Contrary to popular opinion, even Chuck Norris cannot get blood from a stone by squeezing it. Chuck Norris can, however, get four soft tacos, a mariachi band, and a twelve pack of Keystone Light by roundhouse kicking that same stone.  
Contrary to popular opinion, it is impossible to be impregnated by Chuck Norris. Anything his sperm sees, it destroys.
Contrary to popular opinion, Rocky beat Drago in Rocky IV because Chuck Norris interfered and delivered a roundhouse kick to Drago's face when no one was looking.
Contrary to popular science theories, the earth actually revolves around Chuck Norris.
Contrary to the belief of doctors worldwide, Muhammed Ali does not have Parkinson's disease. He simply knows that Chuck Norris is looming.
Contrary to the teaching of modern economics, it turns out that there IS such a thing as a free lunch; whenever Chuck Norris wants a free lunch, Chuck Norris fucking gets a free lunch.
Contrary to what meteorologists say, wind is only the effect of Chuck Norris' breathing patterns.
Contrary to what most people believe to be true, Timothy Treadwell and his girlfriend were not mauled buy a 12 foot grizzly bear, they were mauled by a 6 foot Chuck Norris.
Contray to current religous beliefs, BC actually stands for Before Chuck. 
Crayola created a Chuck Norris coloured crayon. No matter what you do on a piece of paper, a picture of Chuck giving you the thumbs up appears.
Crazy Glue is actually pure Chuck Norris semen.
Crazy people have UFO sightings. Sane aliens have Chuck Norris sightings.
Cuck Norris was the only kid in school who got to be all four of the ninja turtles on the play ground.  Everyone else had to be Shredder or Chuck wouldnt allow them to play.
Curiosity killed the cat. Chuck Norris killed curiosity.
Curiosity may have killed the cat, but Chuck Norris killed Curiosity, then stomped on an entire litter of kittens, just to prove it wasn't that big of a deal.
Curiosity may have killed the cat, but Chuck Norris killed everything else.
Dan Rather's toupe is an exact replica of Chuck Norris' pubic hair.
"Dante's Inferno" is simply a description of Chuck Norris' home.
Dante was running from Chuck Norris.
David Blaine's last magic trick was attempting to survive a roundhouse kick from Chuck Norris. He has not been seen since.
David Blaine stayed in that glass box for so long just so he could be safe from Chuck Norris
"Death by Chuck Norris" is a legal method of execution in 39 states.<br />
Death came for Chuck Norris in 1992, Chuck then roundhouse kicked Death in the face saying, "I decide when people die".
Death, Carnage, Mayhem, Destruction, and Babe Ruth all want to be Chuck Norris when they grow up.
Death checks with Chuck Norris before he makes a move.
Death does not occur naturally; if it did there would be no need for Chuck Norris.
Death is spelled C-h-u-c-k N-o-r-r-i-s.
Death once had a near-Chuck-Norris experience.
Debbie did Dallas because she couldnt handle Chuck Norris.
Deeming his too awesome for the world of mortal men or heaven, God attempted to destroy Chuck Norris by swallowing him. However Chuck Norris beat the shit out of God's insides, causing God to vomit him out. This led to the popular euphamism for vomiting, "Up-Chuck"&gt; 
Deep Blue's first human opponent was Chuck Norris. Deep Blue lost and crashed when Chuck Norris' pawn roundhouse kicked Deep Blue's King on the opening move. IBM now codes all their chess programs to immediately forfeit when matched against Chuck Norris.
Deer Crossings are nothing more than an opportunity for Chuck Norris.
Defying the greatest physicists of the time, Chuck Norris proved that the Earth is not the center of the Universe, but that in fact he is. To avoid suspicion, Chuck Norris now resides in the center of the Sun.
Depression is actually a Latin term.  Translated in means, "You can never be Chuck Norris".
Despite his doctor's and family's strong objection, Chuck Norris began drinking gasoline each morning. Much to everyone's surprise, he gets 94 miles per gallon.
Despite his fabled sexual prowess, Chuck Norris does in fact have one true love. That true love's name is Pain.
Despite historical record Chuck Norris was the first man to walk on the moon. He came up there to give that smug "man on the moon" a good ass-kicking.
Despite popular belief Chuck Norris does not have bullet proof skin; the bullets just don't have the force to penetrate the immense amount of body hair.
Despite what your family, your doctor, even what your geneaolgy says, Chuck Norris IS your daddy.
Dick Cheney actually shot Chuck Norris in the chest, but the pellets riccocheted off his chest hair, injuring a lawyer.  Chuck said that if the sun hadn't been in his eyes, he'd have killed him.
Dick Cheney's hunting trip wasn't an accident. He was playing catch-the-bird-shot with Chuck Norris, but Chuck just likes to use lawyers as gloves. 
Did I ever tell you about the time Chuck Norris took me out to go get a drink with him? We go off looking for a bar and we can't find one. Finally Chuck Norris takes me to a vacant lot and says, 'Here we are.' We sat there for a year and a half and sure enough someone constructs a bar around us. The day they opened we ordered a shot, drank it, and then burned the place to the ground. Chuck Norris yelled over the roar of the flames, 'Always leave things the way you found em!'"
Did you know that shooting stars are just people that Chuck Norris has kicked? His roundhouse is powerful it can propell you far, far into space.
Diet Coke only has one calorie because that one calorie was smart enough to stay in the coke where Chuck Norris can't see it.
Dinasaurs are extinct because Chuck Norris grew tired of their shit.
Dinosaurs aren't really extinict; they're just hiding from Chuck Norris.
Dinosaurs went extinct because of the Chuck Norrisaurus.
Dogs mark their territory with their urine. Chuck Norris marks his territory with the blood of his enemies. 
Donald Trump once fired Chuck Norris. Chuck Norris responded by saying, "While I disagree with your firing of me, I will defend to the death your right to do it." Chuck Norris then kicked Donald Trump through a wall.
Don't fear the reaper. Fear Chuck Norris.
Don't say anything bad about Chuck Norris if you're near a lake, river, pond or marsh; otherwise he will come up out of the water with his AK-47 already firing.
Don't step on the cracks, or Chuck Norris will break your mother's back.
Don't waste Chuck Norris' time, he has things to see and people to do.
Do you know why Bono wears those ridiculous sunglasses? His ego once got the best of him (it's hard to believe, but yes, it's true!), and he tried to stare directly at Chuck Norris. Now, not only does Bono's heart bleed, but he's clinically blind in both eyes.
Do you know why they lowered gas prices? They started airing Walker, Texas Ranger in the middle east.
Drugs only make you feel better because you forget that Chuck Norris may kill you at any time for any reason with any part of his body.
Due to a legal technicality, Chuck Norris was the President of the United States from January 23rd to February 4th, 1997. As the law currently stands, he is the "pinch hitter" for the Secretary of State.
Due to Chuck Norris's obsess with staring contests, he can never be allowed to look at a mirror.
Due to the excessive amount of unprotected sex Chuck Norris takes part in, it is garunteed that he appears in your family tree anywhere from 3 to 10 times.
Due to the tenacity of his saliva, it only takes Chuck Norris 1/2 a lick to get to the Tootsie Roll center of a Tootsie Pop.
Duke Nukem Forever was delayed so many years because of Chuck Norris. He actually was chose to model for Duke Nukem, but on the credit screen, his name was cut in 2 (Chuck Nor-ris), so he cut in two all the Dev Team. And the strippers. Twice.
During a brief stint as a psychoanalyst, Chuck Norris revolutionized the field with Cirumdomopodiatric Therapy, a kickass treatment for all ills.
During a challenging game of "Operation" with his grandmother, Chuck Norris inadvertantly touched one of the sides due to a tickle from his massive beard while trying to remove the "Charlie Horse" game piece. Chuck Norris became so enraged, Chuck Norris stabbed and killed his grandmother with the tweezers Chuck Norris held in his hands. Chuck Norris was also flustered with the fact the the games character had no penis. Later, a Chuck Norris version of the game was released. Men died and women became pregnant upon sight of the gameboard.
During a game of golf, Chuck Norris shot 2 holes in one, struck out 9 batters, passed for over 300 yards, recorded a hat trick, and broke the single lap speed record at Daytona Speedway.
During an intense battle with Vin Diesel, Chuck Norris threw Vin Diesel against the ground, creating a large canyon. After realizing that he had just created the Grand Canyon, Chuck tried to fill up the canyon with urine, hoping no one would notice. Chuck missed by a very large margin, thus creating the Gulf of Mexico.
During a prostate exam, Chuck Norris' doctor found 3 severed, gloved index fingers in his rectum.  When the doctor asked what the last 3 doctors had done to earn their fate, Chuck Norris explained that they all said "You're not so tough now are you?"
During a ten-year retreat to the jungles of Asia, Chuck Norris came across two panda bears unable to conceive a cub. Being the humanitarian that he is, Chuck stepped in as surrogate mother for the pandas. Exactly nine months later the cub was analy birthed, but not breathing. Chuck tore open and ate the placenta and delivered the roundhouse kick of life to the cub's chest, starting its heart. Unfortunately his appetite for baby took over and he devoured the cub whole. Norris then looked at the pandas and said, "It's simple Reganomics", and and walked home.
During biological warfare, deadly pathogens wear Chuck Norris masks.
During his childhood, Chuck Norris' friends used to taunt him by calling him "Yuck Borris" or "Puck Pooris". It all ended at high noon on his 12th birthday (the day puberty started) when hair sprang violently forward from his chest and obliterated everything within a 12 block radius.
During his college years, and strapped for cash, Chuck Norris signed up for a clinical drug trial.  The drug was so powerful that they had to restrain him, but he broke free and killed everyone within a 5 mile radius.  Later, when asked if he knew that it was a placebo, he replied, "Yes."
During the 15th century Chuck Norris became tired of sailors complaining about falling off the edge of the Earth. Chuck Norris then round housed the Earth and made it round. He then created scientology so that one day he could have a reason to hate Tom Cruise.
During the filming of the Total Gym infomercial, Christie Brinkley messed up a line.  Chuck Norris then impaled her with a Total Gym.
During the times of Vietnam, hippies dodged the draft because they knew they'd come up against Chuck Norris.
During WWII it was not actually the flamethrower that the Japanese feared, it was Chuck Norris' anger after hearing that Texas U lost to Oklahoma State.
Dust is afraid to fall on Chuck Norris's Belongings
Each individual hair in Chuck Norris' beard, has a beard of it's own.
Each individual hair in Chuck Norrises beard spends 2 hours a week using a Bowflex.
Each individual sperm cell in Chuck Norris' semen has a beard.
Each red and white blood cell in Chuck Norris' bloodstream has its own beard.
Each tornado seen in the movie “Twister” was really Chuck Norris’ massive penis spinning around aimlessly, destroying everything in its path. The cumulonimbus clouds in the sky were Norris' pubic hair.
Each year, Chuck Norris brings gifts to people across the world as compensation for killing one of their loved ones. We know this day as Christmas.
Earthquakes occur when Chuck Norris goes a day without pulling any pussy.
Earthquakes occur when Chuck Norris wants to make a milkshake.
Easter is when Chuck Norris helped Jesus out of his tomb.
Einstein actually had a theory explaining how the roundhouse kick of Chuck Norris broke all laws of physics. He died on the day of the planned release. 
Einstein copied off of Chuck Norris' homework. 
Einstein developed his Theory of Relativity when Chuck Norris kicked him and he landed ten years older.
Einstein's original Theory of Relativity was: If Chuck Norris kicks you, your relatives will feel it.
Elian Gonalez decided to go back to Cuba because it was rumored that Chuck Norris was tired of seeing his face on the News.
Elton John invited Chuck Norris on an ass-spelunking trip.  Soon after Chuck discovered what ass-spelunking was, Sir Elton was permanently spelunking his own ass.
Elvis left the building because Chuck Norris showed up and told him to get the fuck out.
Emo kids don't cry because they're sad, they cry because they know that at any moment Chuck Norris could kill them for wearing girl pants.
Emo kids don't cut themselves. Chuck Norris just makes it look that way.
Energy cannot be created or destroyed, unless Chuck Norris so wills it.
E.T. wanted to home so bad because Chuck Norris was looking for him.
Evel Knievel's motive behind all his stunts was to impress Chuck Norris.
Even a broken clock is right twice a day. Unless Chuck Norris breaks it. Then it's wrong no matter what time it is. 
Even a caricature of Chuck Norris can kill someone. It just needs motivation.
Even at its most flaccid state, Chuck Norris's penis is still hard enough to knock your teeth out.
Even Chuck Norris has a sense of humor. Nobody dares to test it, though.
Even making eye contact with Chuck Norris on televison has been known to make men shit their pants in fear.
Even nomadic third-world tribes know of Chuck Norris and his unmatched excellency. Afterall, Chuck is the reason civilization ceases to exist in several parts of the world.
Even though Chuck Norris can cure cancer, he refuses to do so because he feels it would promote laziness and turn people into pansies.
Even though Chuck Norris has never bothered to learn how to read, he still gets the full effect of Alphabet Soup.
Eventhough Chuck Norris was born after Einstein, he is the inspiration for Einstein's life work and greatest achievement; The Theory of Relativity. Explanation: It is widely known in the scientific community that Chuck Norris is "Relatively awesome".
Even though he's a fictional character, Chuck Norris looks down upon Mowgli, the boy who was raised by wolves. Chuck Norris was raised by sabertooth tigers, received swimming lessons from a barracuda, and befriended a 20-foot albino alligator all before the age of twelve.
Even when Chuck Norris does have time, he still doesn't stop to smell the roses.
Ever heard of someone killing two birds with one stone? Chuck Norris kills entire species.
Ever heard of the saying, "you can't squeeze blood from a stone?" Chuck Norris hasn't. There's a reason for that.
Ever seen the Hulk cry? Chuck Norris has.
Ever see the Grand Canyon? Chuck Norris had nothing to do with it, he just went there once on a family vacation.
Ever since Chuck Norris was born, evolution has been going in reverse.
Ever wonder how bacon was created? Chuck Norris karate chopped a pig so many times so all that was left were thin strips of meat. He then cooked them with his fire breathing ability and bacon was invented. His beard suggested the name. 
Ever wonder what happened to the Kool Aid guy? Well, He made the mistake of breaking through Chuck Norris' wall saying "OH, YEAH". Chuck promptly roundhouse kicked the flavor right out of him, thus creating Crystal Lite.
Ever wonder where "num-chucks" got their name? That is the level of fighting power Chuck Norris has while on Novicaine.
Ever wonder why the toilet doors are always busted in public restrooms? They got in the way of Chuck Norris taking a shit, that's why.
Ever wonder why you never see a Total Gym at your friends' houses? It's because when you actually call to order one Chuck Norris comes to your house and roundhouses you to death. It's not that he's a bad salesman, its just that he can't stand the idea of anyone actually believing they could possibly get as toned and muscular as him.
Every 14 seconds a child becomes an orphan. That means every 7 seconds Chuck Norris kills a parent.
Everybody knows there's no such thing as the Easter Bunny, Santa Claus, or the Tooth Fairy... Chuck Norris took care of that.
Every Christmas Chuck Norris has a race with Santa Claus to see who can deliver the most presents or roundhouse kicks to each child in the world. Either way, the kids are happy.
Every Chuck Norris film ever made was a documentary film about Chuck Norris.
Everyday Chuck Norris challenges himself to an arm wrestling contest. And wins.
Every day for dinner, Chuck Norris eats a whole can of whoop ass, and tops it all down with a nice big cup of shut the fuck up.
Every dinosaur skull ever found has the imprint of a size 15 cowboy boot on its jaw. Scientists are baffled, but we know damn well why.
Every four years, Chuck Norris beats another 24 hours into February.
Every Friday, Chuck Norris stands menacingly on the shores of southern Texas and gazes stoicly into the ocean, whilst masturbating. This is why Hurricane Rita turned east.
Every hair on Chuck Norris' beard is from a different one of his victims from the Battle of Hastings.
Every Halloween Chuck Norris dresses as something or someone disguised as Chuck Norris. He always wins best costume.
Every man who has ever seen Chuck Norris has instantly turned homosexual. Chuck Norris then roundhouse kicks them to death. He hates queers.
Every morning, as his sons leave for school, Chuck Norris kisses them on the forehead and steals their lunch money.
Every morning, Chuck Norris is woken up by a beautiful supermodel. Chuck Norris, however, likes to sleep late, so he usually pushes the snooze button. (Chuck Norris defines "push the snooze button" as "punch in the face".)
Every morning Chuck Norris runs up the stairway to heaven he built in his backyard to stay in shape.
Every morning Chuck Norris washes himself with SpongeBob SquarePants.
Every morning Chuck starts his day off by roundhouse kicking 14 small children. Why 14? 14 is not only Chuck's favorite number, but it is also the number of times Chuck has had sex with your mother.
Every movie ever made would have been better with Chuck Norris in it.  This is why in Hollywood the Oscar for, "Best Actor" is known as, "Second Place".
Every new U.S. currency has a watermark of Chuck Norris' face in the background. Knowing that Chuck is always watching, counterfeiting ceases to exist.
Every night at 8:00, a truck pulls up to Chuck Norris' house. In the truck are a bunch of orphans. For the next half-hour, Chuck Norris practices roundhouse kicks on the orphans while "It's a Hard Knock Life" plays in the background. At the end of the session, the orphans say "Thank you, Mr. Norris." in perfect unison, then march into the truck in silence.
Everyone has a skeleton in their closet. Chuck Norris has 7,483.
Everyone is born a twin, until Chuck Norris eats the other twin. The reason twins are still seen is because sometimes, even Chuck Norris doesn't feel like eating a fetus.
Everyone knows Santa doesn't exist. What everyone doesn't know is that Santa did at one point exist until the day he put Chuck Norris on the naughty list.
Everyone knows that whenever a bell rings, a angel gets its wings. Few people, however, know that when an angel gets its wings, Chuck Norris shoots an angel down. This is why so few churches use bells on Sundays today.
Every one of Chuck Norris' appendages has been deemed a lethal weapon by 12 different governments, except for his penis, which is so deadly that these governments require it to teach a moderately priced self defense class to their respective militaries. This has become Chuck's primary source of income other than the money he is sent for protection from his roundhouse kick.
Everyone respects Chuck Norris so much, that when they fight him, they politely wait in turn for him to beat them up.
Everyone uses Google to find out facts about anything and everything. Google uses Chuck Norris.
Every person has a skeleton in their closet. Chuck Norris has a cemetery.
Every piece of furniture in Chuck Norris' house is a Total Gym.
Every second Chuck Norris gets married. Every 3 seconds he kills his wife. After 4 seconds he starts again.
Every single person who has ever quoted "Napolean Dynamite" is now on Chuck Norris' list. Chuck Norris hates that fucking movie.
Every story from every film Chuck Norris has been in has actually happened to him at some point in his life. The people he kills on screen really die.
Everything Chuck Norris touches does not turn to gold; instead it grows a beard.
Everything is Chuck Norris' cup of tea.
Everything tastes like chicken because its Chuck Norris' favorite food.
Everything that has been invented since March 10, 1940 was pooped by Chuck Norris. Chuck's favorites include the Microwave, Plasma TV's, The Space Shuttle, and the Sleeper Hold.
Every time a bell rings, an Angel gets its wings. Every time a puppy is killed, Chuck Norris grins his fucking ass off.
Every time a bell rings, an angle gets his wings. Then Chuck Norris takes their wings and nails them to the wall of his garage.
Everytime a bell rings, Chuck Norris gets laid.
Everytime a child laughs, Chuck Norris kills a bad guy.
Every time a church bell rings, An angel gets its wings, Every time a school bell rings, Chuck Norris beats a kid to a pulp
Everytime a waitress doesn't return with your food ontime, its because Chuck Norris is secretly having sex with her -- and all of the other waitresses -- in a back room. That's also why the food tastes extra good when it finally arrives.
Every time Chuck Norris bites into an onion, the Dali Lama cries.
Every time Chuck Norris does a roundhouse kick, an angel gets its wings.
Everytime Chuck Norris eats a crippled or retarded child here in the U.S., a baby is born in China. That explains China's extremely large population.
Every time Chuck Norris ejaculates, an angel gets it beard.
Every time Chuck Norris ejaculates, an angel gets its wings.
Every time Chuck Norris executes a roundhouse kick, the incredible speed at which his leg cuts through the air creates an enormous sonic boom. This is commonly known as "thunder".
Every time Chuck Norris flexes, someone dies.
Every time Chuck Norris goes to the hospital, he is put in intensive care. This is not because Chuck Norris is hurt, it's because no one has the balls to tell him it's not a big deal.
Every time Chuck Norris kicks someone's ass, he staples a certificate of authenticity to their bruises.
Every-time Chuck Norris leaves a room full of people the song There Goes My Hero starts playing out of no where.
Every time Chuck Norris rings a bell an angel gets its wings snipped.
Everytime Chuck Norris roundhouse kicks someone an angel gets its wings. But Chuck Norris hates angels. So everytime an angel gets its wings it also gets a roundhouse kick from Chuck Norris.
Every time Chuck Norris Roundhouse kicks someone, God kills a kitten. Chuck Norris hates kittens.
Everytime Chuck Norris smiles, another Etheopian child dies of starvation.
Every time Chuck Norris smiles it saves the life of a dying man. Ironically, Chuck Norris only smiles after he kills someone.
Every time Chuck Norris smokes a cigarette, he adds another five minutes onto his life expectancy. Scientists have calculated Chuck's life expectancy to be around 594 years.
Everytime Chuck Norris sneezes, an angel gets its wings, and a category 5 hurricane is born.
Every time Chuck Norris sneezes, a third-world contry is annihilated from the face of the Earth.
Every time Chuck Norris throws a roundhouse kick, all women within 5 miles of Chuck immediately achieve orgasm.
Every time Chuck Norris watches a space shuttle explode on tv he immediately has an orgasim.
Every time Chuck Norris wears pants a warrant is issued for his arrest. The charge is always "carrying a concealed weapon".
Every time Conan pulls the "Walker, Texas Ranger Lever" Chuck Norris pulls the "Chuck Norris Nailing Conan O'Brien's Wife Lever." 
Every time someone Googles Chuck Norris a puppy's head gets smashed by a sledge hammer.
Everytime someone masturbates, God kills a cat. Everytime Chuck Norris masturbates, Chuck kills God.
Every time someone wins the World Heavyweight Championship in the WWE, the corporate office must, by Texas law, send an official letter to Chuck Norris reminding him that the match was scripted. If this does not happen even once, Chuck Norris will destroy every WWE superstar that has ever existed.
Every time you litter, Chuck Norris cries, then he'll roundhouse kick your grandma.
Every time you masturbate, Chuck Norris calls you a pussy, fucks 23 women right in front of you, and the eats a kitten.
Every time you masturbate, Chuck Norris eats a baby Panda Bear.
Every time you masturbate, Chuck Norris kills a kitten, tiger cub, or any other fuzzy and cute baby animal you can imagine. The fur is then absorbed into his beard or chest hair, keeping his hair forever young, smooth, and manageable.
Everytime you masturbate, Chuck Norris kills one more person.
Every time you refer to these facts about Chuck Norris as "jokes", Chuck Norris raises the temperature of the entire ocean by one degree.
Every tunnel ever built was not built with machines, but was built by using what was left after Chuck Norris had sex with the mountain.
Every wall in Chuck Norris' house is a mirror because Chuck Norris must always be surrounded by beauty.
Everywhere that Chuck Norris goes is legally considered a slaughterhouse.
Every woman who has ever kissed Chuck Norris has lost all her teeth from the sheer impact of his beard.
Every year, in accordance with the Make a Wish Foundation, Chuck Norris uses a terminally ill child as a football to kick a Super Bowl winning field goal. Norris is both making and granting the wishes.
Every year one million people get the privilege of dying from traffic fatalities rather than from the hands and feet of Chuck Norris.
Every year, two Nobel Peace Prizes are given out. One for a regular person, and one secret prize given to Chuck Norris for  allowing human existence to continue.
Evil is the root of Chuck Norris.
Evolution occurred fifty billion years ago. Chuck Norris jumped in the water and fish just had to get the hell out of there.
Exercise mogul Richard Simmons was once a highly trained Navy Seal. That is until Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked him in the head. Poor guy hasn't been right since.
Extra long flight golf balls are filled with Chuck Norris' semen.
Eye contact with Chuck Norris, unless explicitly addressed by him, will result in getting your ass literally handed to you.
Family Guy is back on T.V, not because of D.. sales, but because Chuck Norris once laughed at an episode.
Fans of Battlestar Galactica will never see the other five Cylon models; Chuck Norris already did. None survived.
Fast food restaurants were created so that people could eat while running from Chuck Norris.
Fatality: (noun) ability to cause death disaster, or destruction.  See also; Roundhouse kick from Chuck Norris.
FDR challenged Chuck Norris to a foot race. Long story short, FDR told people he had polio to avoid embarrassment.
Fearing Chuck Norris to the point to shaking is an actual disease. Michael J. Fox is a sufferer. It is called Parkinson's Disease because calling it Norris' Disease would cause a worldwide pandemic.
Fear is not a factor for Chuck Norris, but Chuck Norris is a factor for fear.
Fear of fatal roundhouse kicks is the only reason The Rolling Stones have not retired. Chuck Norris denies all involvement.
Fear was a word created to describe Chuck Norris.
February used to have 31 days. Then Chuck Norris decided that March was much more important.
Federal and state laws permit only one man to drive the wrong way down one way streets, and that man is Chuck Norris.
Few people are aware that Chuck Norris is the first person to ever be diagnosed with beard cancer. Upon hearing this, Chuck Norris quickly beat the cancer into remission with a series of roundhouse kicks and rabbit punches.
Few people know it, but the real prize for winning the Miss America padgent is a night in Chuck Norris' bed.
Few people know that Chuck Norris was crucified and buried with Jesus.  However, unlike Jesus, Chuck rose from the dead after a few hours and spent the next two days drawing on Jesus' face with a Sharpie, taking embarrassing pictures of Him, and slapping him in the face with his own hand, saying, "Quit hittin' yourself!"
Few people know that President Jimmy Carter appointed Chuck Norris as Secretary of Awesome in 1978. This cabinet level position was later rescinded in 1981 after Norris refused to give up his title.
Fifteen people are known to have been crushed to death tilting vending machines towards them in the hope of a free can of soda.  Chuck Norris was behind every one of these machines.
Filming on location for Walker: Texas Ranger, Chuck Norris brought a stillborn baby lamb back to life by giving it a prolonged beard rub. Shortly after the farm animal sprang back to life and a crowd had gathered, Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked the animal, breaking its neck, to remind the crew once more that Chuck giveth, and the good Chuck, he taketh away. 
Fire does not burn Chuck Norris, Chuck Norris burns fire.
Fire escapes were invented to protect fire from Chuck Norris.
Five days ago Chuck Norris found out about this fact website. After sacrificing many a small child with consecutive round house kicks for not being informed of it previously, he sat down and kept clicking "new fact" to search for one that was false. His quest continues to this day.
Florida has been referred to as America's wang. Chuck Norris teases America about its small stature.
Florida is not American's wang; its Chuck Norris'.<br />
Florida is often referred to as America's wang. Chuck Norris laughs at America's small stature.
Florida used to be in a straight line, until Chuck Norris kicked Miami for refusing to make a "Chuck Norris Day".
Floyd Landis made such an incredible comeback on Saturday of the Tour de France because his trainer told him that Chuck Norris was on a bicycle 12 miles behind him, and he didn't like people named Floyd.
Fool Chuck Norris once; shame on you. Fool him twice; good-bye teeth.  
Footage for Walker, Texas Ranger is actually taken from home videos shot by Mamma Norris of baby Chuck's infancy.
For breakfast, Chuck Norris eats napalm on toast, drinks nitrous oxide, then eats a herd of cattle.
For Chuck Norris, Bloodstain Remover is tax deductable.
For Chuck Norris, pimping is easy.
For Chuck Norris the pen is in fact mightier than the sword. If pen is short for penis, and sword is short for everything in the world.
Ford, realizing their mistake, recently changed their slogan to, "Built Chuck Norris tough".
For dry itchy red eyes, most people use Clear Eyes. Chuck Norris uses Tabasco sauce.
For every action, there is an equal and opposite reaction. For Chuck Norris, there is Richard Simmons.
For every animal you don't eat, Chuck Norris is going to eat you.
For every hour a plane ride takes, Chuck Norris can get to the destination in that many steps.
For every man you don't kill, Chuck Norris kills seven.
For every person Mother Nature kills, Chuck Norris kills five.
For every time Chuck Norris kills a man, an angel gets its wings. For every time a puppy dies, Chuck Norris laughs.
For every time the phrase "roundhouse kick" appears on this website, Chuck Norris will bomb an African village.
For fun, Chuck Norris likes to visit Veterinary Hospitals. When asked if he has a sick pet, Chuck Norris flexes and says, "These pythons are pretty sick." He then kisses his pecks until all the ladies explode with orgasmic fury.
For his Total Gym informercials, they use a body double for Chuck Norris. Not because he isn't jacked, but because to see his actual body without a shirt would cause every man in America to kill themselves in shame.
For one day, muscle and beard were living entities, and they conceived Chuck Norris
For some reason, if Chuck Norris meets anyone named Preston, he kills him.
For some, the left testicle is larger than the right one. For Chuck Norris, each testicle is larger than the other one.
For Texas-issued driver's licenses, there are 3 choices under the "Do you choose to be an Organ Donor?" category: "Yes", "No", or "I'm Chuck Norris and I will be providing the medical community with thousands of organ donors." 
For the sake of convenience, the Grim Reaper is Chuck Norris' receptionist.
Foster's may be Australian for beer, but Chuck Norris is Universe for Badass.
Freddy Krueger has nightmares about Chuck Norris.
From the beginning of time, every man who has born has also died. Chuck Norris has born, but has never died. Never.
From the IMDB trivia: [Reader's Digest once noted a story of how Norris, true to his characters, prefers to find a non-violent way to solve a situation. Norris was in a bar once when a customer walked in and said to him, "You're in my seat. Move." Norris complied, and as the customer sat down, he recognized Norris. He then said, "Chuck, you could've kicked my butt if you wanted to. Instead of moving, why didn't you just attack me?" Norris' response: "What would that have accomplished?" Norris later said the experience resulted in him getting a new admirer and a new friend.]. See? This is a perfect example of Chuck's ability to lure targets towards him by making them believe he is a nice guy.
From times to times, Chuck Norris checks the contents of this site. That's why you have login problems.
Frosty the Snowman didn't melt; he was beaten to death by Chuck Norris.
Galactus fears the coming of Chuck Norris.
Gary Coleman use to be 7 foot 2 inches...until he met Chuck Norris.
Geico saved 15% by switching to Chuck Norris.
Geico secretly offers life insurance. Unfortunately, because of Chuck Norris, the percent of your life that is saved is equal to the percent of people who are not satisfied with Geico's car insurance.
George Lucas wanted Chuck Norris to play a role in Star Wars. At first Chuck Norris was reluctant, but he did agree to a minor role. He let Lucas use his beard for the part of Chewbacca.
George Washington Carver found over 300 applications for the peanut. Chuck Norris has found over 300 ways to plow your wife, and none of them are practical.
George W. Bush wanted to nominate Chuck Norris for Supreme Court Chief Justice but the Separation of Powers called for by the Constitution doesn't allow that if the person is already this country's main Instrument of Justice.
Germans suffered 4 millon casualties during World War 2. 80% were roundhouse kicked in the face by Chuck Norris, the rest ate nails to avoid the suffering.
Ghosts are actually caused by Chuck Norris killing people faster than Death can process them.
G.I. Joe was originally titled: G.I. Chuck Norris, but Hasbro thought that the doll was too manly and would scare small children. They kept the Kung-fu gip.
Gillette currently has the Mach 3 razor on the market. In order to shave Chuck Norris' beard, the razor would have to be mach 26,544.
Gillette keeps adding blades to their razors in an attempt to be able to shave Chuck Norris' beard.  The Mach 3 razor wasn't even able to be in the same room as Chuck Norris for more than 2.25 seconds.
Giraffes have long necks because they pecked at Chuck Norris' beard, so he kicked their heads upward.
Giraffes were created when Chuck Norris uppercutted a horse.
Girls don't snowball Chuck Norris' semen, the avalanche it.
"Girls Night Out" is code for "Going over to Chuck Norris' house to have wild monkey sex".
Give Chuck Norris an inch and he'll take your life.
Give Mac Gyver a toothpick and a pocket knife and he'll build you a mini-mall.  Give Chuck Norris the same tools and he'll win a war, climb Mt. Everest, and build a new mansion while carrying around a pocket knife and a tooth pick.
Global warming isn't responsible for rising sea levels. Chuck Norris is having a bet with God as to how many islands he can sink in a lifetime.
Global warming is the cause of Chuck Norris taking a bath at the North Pole. His body temperature melts the fucking ice.
God actually took eight days to create Heaven, Earth and the universe. Chuck Norris just thought the name Lufday was stupid.
God calls Chuck Norris "sir."
God = Chuck Norris is now a mathmatical constant.
God created a rock so big that even He could not lift. Chuck Norris picked up said rock and called God a pussy.
God created heaven and earth, he then created man. Man overpopulated the earth, so, God created Chuck Norris.
God created the Earth and all life upon it in 7 days, <br />
God created the universe in six days. Chuck Norris could've done it in two.
God decided to create gravity in order to keep Chuck Norris from conquering other planets. He failed.
God didn't send Adam and Eve out of the Garden of Eden. Chuck Norris did, he told them, "Get the fuck out of my backyard!"
God doesn't let bad things happen to good people, Chuck Norris does.
God doesnt make people retarded, Chuck Norris does.
God goes to church on Sundays to worship Chuck Norris.
God got most of his ideas from Chuck Norris.
God has a sense of humor. Chuck Norris doesn't.
God is Chuck Norris' prototype.
God is just filling in until Chuck Norris gets tired of kicking ass on earth.
God made Italy in the shape of a boot to remind us all that Chuck Norris is watching.
God never makes an appearence on earth because Chuck Norris won't let him.
God offered Chuck Norris the gift to fly, which he swiftly declined for a +500 gain to roundhouse ability.
God once made a rock so big that not even he could lift it; thus answering the legendary question. Chuck Norris not only lifted this rock, but also karate chopped it so hard that it fragmented and formed the progressive rock group "Yes".
God took a break on the seventh day because creating Chuck Norris was just too much.
God wanted ten days to create the world. Chuck Norris gave him seven.
God was created from one of Chuck Norris's ribs.
God will only remain in business as long as he continues paying protection money to Chuck Norris.
Godzilla is based on a true story about when Chuck Norris was filming a movie in Japan and found out that all they had to eat was rice.
Google.com recieves 300 million hits a day. Chuck Norris can deliver that many hits in less than a second.
"Grand Theft Auto: Norris City" is so gruesome that Chuck Norris is the only person legally allowed to play it.
Gravity is scared to exert its force near Chuck Norris. Chuck counteracts gravities cowardice by wearing cement filled cowboy boots. Some credit his amazing roundhouse power to this but when asked Chuck said, "I really just don't like floating around." 
Gravity is the scientific term for the attractive force of Chuck Norris.
Gravity only exists because Chuck Norris allows it to.
Great guitar solos are the player channeling the soul of a ninja. Great ninjas are chanelling the soul of chuck Norris.
Great minds have purposes. Chuck Norris: Kill. 
Growing up, Chuck Norris got into fights every day at school. His grandma told him that he shouldn't be so violent. So he roundhouse kicked her face.
Growing up you were taught that any number divided by 0 is undefined. This has been found to be false. Scientists have recently proved that a number divided by zero represents your chance of surviving a kick from Chuck Norris. Which, ironically, is also undefined.
Gunnery Sargent Chuck Norris told his recruits to "drop their cocks and grab their socks". But when Chuck dropped his cock, a 17.5 magnitude earthquake occurred, wiping out the eastern seaboard.
Guns are natural Chuck Norris' arm extensions.
Guns don't kill people.<br />
Guns don't kill people, Chuck Norris does.
Guns don't kill people, Chuck Norris kills people.
Had Chuck Norris been cast as a bad guy in Die Hard 3, you can bet your ass there wouldn't have been a Die Hard 4.
Had Chuck Norris lived during the time of Sun Tzu, The Art of War would have been called The Art of Chuck.
Had Chuck Norris played "Neo" in "The Matrix" rather than Keanu Reeves, there would have been no need for special effects.
Had the priests in "The Exorcist" just said, "The power of Chuck Norris compels you" instead of "The power of Christ compels you," the movie would only have been about 30 seconds long. 
Haley's comet only passes the Earth once every 76 years because that's how often Chuck Norris lets it.
Halley's comet isn't a comet at all, but rather, a man named Murry LeTart whom Chuck Norris very nearly roundhouse kicked out of the solar system because he claimed that the Total Gym was merely a "mediocre fitness machine".
Halloween was invented when Chuck Norris disguised himself as a ghost so that he could beat up a pumpkin, light it on fire, and steal all of its candy.
Hasselhoff blew up Chuck Norris' mailbox for stealing his cameo glory in Dodgeball. Norris then blew up Hasselhoff's mother.
Have you ever wanted to see the inside of your colon, but you didn't want to pay for a colonoscopy?  Tell Chuck Norris you would like to feed him beets and he'll show you for fucking free. Chuck hates beets.
Heart disease is the number one cause of death for women in the US. Sex with Chuck Norris is close behind.
Heart disease may be the new leading cause of death in women age 45 to 65, but Chuck Norris is still the leading cause of death in men age 0 to 125.
Heaven is a concept invented by Chuck Norris to ease people's minds of the thought of their eventual death caused by a roundhouse kick to the neck.
Heisenberg's Uncertainty Principle has been made certain by Chuck Norris.
Hellen Keller's favorite color is Chuck Norris.
Hellen Keller was actually born with no ailments. However, she became blind, deaf, and dumb at age three after accidentally bumping into Chuck Norris in a crowded city street. Onlookers applauded as Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked her into submission.
Hell is waiting until Chuck Norris dies before it freezes over. Hell will be waiting a long time.
Herbal Essences contains traces of Chuck Norris' musk. That is why it makes women scream.
Hercules, Gangas Kan, King Arthur, and Paul Bunyan are just a few of Chuck Norris' early aliases. 
Here's three passages from Sun Tzu's book "The Art of War".<br />
"High tide" and "low tide" actually refer to the times when when Chuck Norris gets in and out of the ocean.
Hiroshima was actually Chuck Norris pissing from a plane
Historians have recently renamed the Bubonic Plague to "The Time when Chuck Norris Got Angry at Europe for 45 Seconds".
Historians recently uncovered Norwegian scripts depicting Ragnarok not the fight between Odin and Loki, but actually Chuck Norris against Robotic Chuck Norris.
Hitler committed suicide on April 29, 1945. The same day Chuck Norris's parents considered having another child.
Hitler did not commit suicide, Chuck Norris got bored of fighting WWII and killed him.
Hitler killed himself out of fear when he realized that Chuck Norris was neither blond nor blue eyed.
Holy men once believed that in a past life Chuck Norris was Jesus. Chuck simply replied "I'd never wear a skirt" and roundhouse kicked the holy men so hard that they soon met Jesus in person.
Holy water is just another name for Chuck Norris' urine.
Hospitals are also know as "Chuck Norris Recovery Centers".  This applies doubly to the maternity wards.
How many Chuck Norrises does it take to screw in a lightbulb?  No one knows. Whenever Chuck Norris needs light, he puts a baby on a stick and sets it on fire.
How many roads must a man walk down before you can call him a man?  No one knows, but Chuck didn't have to walk down any, and questioning his manhood tends to result in Sudden Infant Death Syndrome--no matter what your age.
Hulk Hogan cried when he found out that his daughter Brooke had lost her virginity, but he was happy when he found out that it was to Chuck Norris.
Human beings were created when Chuck Norris violently raped Mother Nature.
Humans are probed by aliens. Aliens are probed by Chuck Norris.
Hurricane Katrina was caused solely by Chuck Norris' distaste for jambalaya.
Hurricane Katrina was just Chuck Norris sparring with Thor. Chuck won.
Hyenas laugh at how vainly humans try to survive in a world with Chuck Norris.
Ice isn't cold water; it's water that is scared still by Chuck Norris. 
If a child ignores the "You Must Be At Least This Tall To Ride" signs at an amusement park, Chuck Norris immediately jumps out from behind the sign and roundhouse kicks the child in the face, before impregnating the child's mother with his beard.
If a comet strikes the Earth the only survivors will be cockroaches and Chuck Norris. Good thing Chuck Norris can eat the roaches and shit out humanity.
If a gay man drinks Chuck Norris's sweat he turns straight and gains the power to build a log cabin without using tools.
If a horse sucked Vin Diesel off, the horse's jaw would explode. However, if a horse sucked Chuck Norris off, the whole horse would shift into an alternate universe where every molecule of the horse would explode with the force of a roundhouse kick.
If an asteroid were going to hit earth, Chuck Norris would let it. He would be the only surviving human, and he would make love to all the cockroaches and make a master species.
If an EMP were to go off within a close proximity of Chuck Norris, he would be rendered useless for a short period of time, because over 500 years ago, he traded the ability to see the future to Nostradamus for cybernetic arms, legs, and heart.
If anyone were to watch more than two episodes of Walker Texas Ranger in a three hour period, their TV will explode due to "Awesomeness Overload".
If Arnold Schwarzenegger is the Governor of California, Chuck Norris is the default Master of the Universe.
If at first you don't succeed, you are obviously not Chuck Norris.
If a tree falls down in the forest, it does not make a sound. Unless Chuck Norris tells it to.
If a tree falls in a forest, and no one else is around, Chuck Norris will hear the noise. 
If a tree falls in the forest and nobody is around to hear it, not only does Chuck Norris hear it, he probably had something to do with it.
If a tree falls in the forest and no one is around to hear it then Chuck Norris doesn't care. He despises trees.
If a tree falls in the middle of a forest and no one is anywhere around, rest assured that Chuck Norris heard it.
If a tree falls in the woods and no one is around to hear it, Chuck Norris will still be able to kick your ass.
If a tree falls in the woods and no one’s around, they’re all dead, thanks to Chuck Norris. 
If Buddha was to be reincarnated, he'd become Chuck Norris.
If by some small chance that the woman that Chuck Norris had sex with did not die, because they all do, she would continue having children non stop for the next 13 years
If Chuck Norris' arms were guns, they would be big fuckin' guns.
If Chuck Norris' blood ever touches the ground the world will implode.
If Chuck Norris could be any type of tree, he would be titanium
If Chuck Norris does not wake up with a big pair of titties in hand then thirty necks must be broken for it to be a good day anyway.
If Chuck Norris doesn't like you, how can you like yourself?
If Chuck Norris drank a beer bong, he would drink the beer and drink the bong.
If Chuck Norris encountered the Labyrinth, he would have just roundhouse kicked the front door, and a path would have appeared all the way to the Goblin Castle.
If Chuck Norris enters the code "up up down down left right left right B A Start" into any video game it will award him whatever the fuck he wants.
If Chuck Norris ever actually submitted a fact on this site it would be the last thing you ever read, because it would literally come through the screen and snap your neck.
If Chuck Norris ever comes into physical contact with Steve Buscemi the universe will implode. Despite this, Chuck Norris actively seeks out Steve Buscemi.
If Chuck Norris ever gave a crap about what you thought, he would immediately take it back after slaughtering you.
If Chuck Norris ever has a bad day, being locked away in a jail wouldn't seem that bad.
If Chuck Norris ever tells you he "Feels like Mexican tonight", don't be surprised if you happen to find him screwing your housekeeper later that evening.
If Chuck Norris finishes "business" in the sack in 2 minutes, you better not ask, "Is that it?!?" or you will not wake up the next day.
If Chuck Norris had a dime for every man that didn't die from his roundhouse kick, he would have no dimes.
If Chuck Norris had a dollar and you had a dollar, Chuck would kick your ass and take your dollar.
If Chuck Norris hits you, it will kill you. If he misses, the wind created by his miss will give you Pneumonia and you will die anyway.
If Chuck Norris invites you over for tea and asks "one lump or two" never say "two" because he'll beat you over the head with a fully restored '67 Chevy Impala.
If Chuck Norris is late, time better slow the fuck down.
If Chuck Norris jumped off a bridge, you would too. 
If Chuck Norris' kick doesn't knock a man down, the man will die standing on his feet.
If Chuck Norris kicks somebody's face in a forest everyone can hear it.
If Chuck Norris killed Gandalf, he'd stay dead.
If Chuck Norris looks at you and even THINKS about Jesus, you are immediately converted to Christianity.
If Chuck Norris looks you in the eye, you will explode.
If Chuck Norris makes a woman ride on top during sex, she instantly qualifies for the "mile high" club.
If Chuck Norris misses his flight, he makes damn sure other people miss theirs too.
If Chuck Norris needs scissors 61!, then he fucking gets them.
If Chuck Norris roundhouse kicks fast enough he will eventually take off. 
If Chuck Norris sees his shadow on Groundhog Day, another species goes extinct.
If Chuck Norris snorts cocaine, the cocaine gets excited.
If Chuck Norris stands too close to a microwave on a humid day his beard will glow with St. Elmo's fire
If Chuck Norris wanted to he could have stopped World War II in under twelve seconds, but since he's screwed every woman in the world he didn't want to take sides against his sons.
If Chuck Norris was a hooker, he would make more than every hooker in history.
If Chuck Norris was a judge, justice in his court would be swift, fair and certainly never, ever debated.
If Chuck Norris was an animal, he would be a Chuck Norris.
If chuck norris was a woman, then he wouldn't have a period. He would have an exclamation point.
If Chuck Norris was crossbred with a monkey, the resulting entity would throw its shit at warp factor 17.
If Chuck Norris was in the show 24, it would be called 2.
If Chuck Norris was president, terrorists would not exist.
If Chuck Norris was sent back in time to kill John Connor, he would have got the job done.
If Chuck Norris was the Miami Heat coach, your damn sure Shaquille O'Neal would make his free throws.
If Chuck Norris was to be cut, he would not bleed his own blood.
If Chuck Norris went to jail, he would throw the soap down and kick the shit out of anyone who tried to sodomize him. Just for something to do.
If Chuck Norris were a flower, it wouldn't fucking matter what kind, he would still get more action than you.
If Chuck Norris were a nation, he would be the world's fifth largest economy.
If Chuck Norris were an Olympic athlete, the Olympics would be canceled. Every four years they would just mail Chuck Norris his 237 gold medals.
If Chuck Norris were a sports drink he would only come in one flavor- cyanide.
If Chuck Norris were a volcano, he'd still roundhouse kick you in the face.
If Chuck Norris were blind, he could still see.
If Chuck Norris were gay, it would be taboo to be straight.
If Chuck Norris were on the Supreme Court ever single case decided would be unanimous and there certainly wouldn't be any dissenting opinions. 
If Chuck Norris were stretched out to one molecule thickness, he would encircle the universe thirteen times.
If Chuck Norris were to break-dance, dance would never recover.
If Chuck Norris were to consume 2 gallons of hot sauce his farts could produce enough energy to vaporize the state of Texas and New Mexico.
If Chuck Norris were to eat a snake, lion and a eagle he would poop out a griffin.
If Chuck Norris were to fart, a new universe would be created. Hence, the "Big Bang" theory.
If ever you have a day when you feel that the gods are against you, just be glad that Chuck Norris isn't.
If every woman in the world had met Chuck Norris, there would be no lesbians or virgins.
If history is to change, let it change. If the world is to be destroyed, so be it. If Chuck Norris' fate is to be destroyed, he must simply laugh.
If international politics were a nail, Chuck Norris would be the hammer. If international politics were a chance for all men to embrace each other and live in peace, Chuck Norris would be the hammer.
If it bleeds, it's not Chuck Norris.
If it looks like chicken, tastes like chicken, and feels like chicken but Chuck Norris says its beef, then it's fucking beef.
If it's 10 o'clock and you don't know where your girlfriend is, she's probably having sex with Chuck Norris.
If it's "a penny for your thoughts" and everyone is "putting in their two cents", who gets the extra penny?  Chuck Norris, of course.
If it was not for Chuck Norris destroying the lives of so many people in America, the show Extreme Home Makeover would have been canceled a long time ago.
If it weren't for Chuck Norris's sex drive the earth would not be able to re-populate itself from all the killings of Chuck Norris.  
If it weren't for Chuck Norris, you could mess with Texas whenever you wanted to.
If Jesus had a fight with Chuck Norris, he wouldn't have another cheek to turn.
If looks can kill, Chuck Norris is one hell of a looker.
If MacGyver and Chuck were locked in a room together, Chuck would make a bomb out of MacGyver and get out.
If meteorologists really want to predict where tornadoes will form, all they have to do is follow Chuck Norris around and watch for roundhouse kicks.
If Muhammad Ali had the time to reach perfection, he would, "Float like a Chuck Norris and sting like a Chuck Norris."
If one day you wake up and find out that your wife, daughter, mom, grandma and dog are all pregnant then Chuck Norris obviously knows you've been on this website.  
If one were to compile an exhaustive list of every feat Superman has performed in seventy years of comic books, the list would represent the typical daily activities of Chuck Norris.
If one were to say "Chuck Norris sucks ass", he will suck that moron's brains, heart and lungs out through his ass.
If paper beats rock, and rock beats scissors, what beats all 3 at the same time? Answer: Chuck Norris's fully erect penis.
If "roundhouse kick" was a trademarked term by Chuck Norris, this website would be well fucked and far from home.
If someone asks Chuck Norris what his favorite song is, he roundhouse kicks them in the face until they beg for mercy. He then tells them that's music to his ears.
If someone asks you a question, the correct answer is always Chuck Norris.
If Superman and the Flash were to race to the egde of space you know who would win:<br />
If tapped, Chuck Norris' roundhouse kick could power all of Australia for 44 minutes.
If the cliche "You are what you eat" is true, then Chuck Norris is a bitchinbitchin' combination of monster truck tires, Godzilla, and magma from the earth's most active volcanoes.
If the coach had put Chuck Norris in in the fourth quarter, they would have won state. No doubt about it.
If the groundhog doesn't see his shadow, there's six more weeks of winter. If the groundhog does see his shadow, there isn't six more weeks of winter. But whether or not the groundhog sees Chuck Norris, there's ALWAYS six more weeks of roundhouse kicking.
If there is a will, there is a way Chuck Norris can kill you.
If there was such thing as a Chuck Norris doll you can be certain Pinocchio would stop his fucking lying.
If trapped in a basement, Chuck Norris can live on basement moisture and insects for over 30 years.
If you are eating Alphabits and the letters somehow spell Chuck Norris, DO NOT attempt to take another bite if you value your life.
If you are ever in a time of trouble just think "What would Chuck Norris do?" The answers seems to magically come to you. It's 98% affective, but the other 2% are the people who don't believe Chuck Norris. They learn their lesson in the end. Chuck makes sure.
If you ask Chuck Norris what time it is, he always says, "Two seconds till." After you ask, "Two seconds to what?" he roundhouse kicks you in the face.
If you ask Chuck Norris which beverage he prefers, Coke or Pepsi, he stares you down until you blink and then he rips your tounge out for daring to ask such a stupid question. Real men drink the blood and tears of their victims, not carbonated sodas.
If you attempt to correct Chuck Norris' grammar, Chuck Norris will demonstrate his appreciation by "correcting your vertical alignment".
If you burn one of Chuck Norris' beard hairs and inhale the fumes you get high for 56 years.
If you call him "Chuckster" to his face, Chuck Norris will end you. Coincedentily, he will do the same if you pass by him on his right side.
If you call out the name "Chuck Norris" three times while making love to a virgin, she will forever believe you to be the biggest and best lover she ever had.  At least, until the real Chuck Norris gets to her.
If you cannot concentrate, it is because Chuck Norris is remotely controlling your brain to power his Total Gym.
If you can see Chuck Norris, he can see you. If you can't see Chuck Norris you may be only seconds away from death.
If you can think of a swear word, chances are Chuck Norris invented it while having relations with your mother.<br />
If you change the "CH" in Chuck to an "F", and the "N" in Norris to a "B", it turns out to be "Fuck Borris". Chuck Norris hates Russians.
If you change the Ch in Chuck to an F, and the N in Norris to a B, you get Fuck Boris. Chuck Norris hates Russians.
If you click the banners that want you to see what happens next, you will see Chuck Norris beat an old lady with a keyboard.
If you come home to find Chuck Norris doing your wife, it's probably best to go fetch a glass of water and stand there in case Chuck gets thirsty. There ain't no future in any other course of action.
If you count the number of individual spermatozoa your testes will produce in your lifetime, it's still less that the number of women that have achieved orgasm by running their hands through Chuck Norris's chest hair.
If you disagree with Chuck Norris, he'll karate chop you in to a bajillion pieces.  He is aware that this is not a number, but if you call him on it, he'll roundhouse kick you in to a quabillion.
If you don't die at the hands of Chuck Norris, you'll die at his feet.
If you don't know who your father is, he's probably Chuck Norris.
If you drink a case of beer, a fifth of scotch, and a Red Bull, you can see Chuck Norris' face on the moon. If you want to see Chuck smile have your friend roundhouse kick you.
If you drop a phonograph needle on Chuck Norris' nipple, it plays the Beach Boys' Pet Sounds.
If you ever come across Chuck Norris in the wild, just play dead until he is long gone. Although chances are that he'll know what you're doing because Chuck Norris knows everything.
If you ever get close enough to look, you will see that the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse are, in fact, all Chuck Norris.
If you ever get the chance to play Chuck Norris in Madden football, he will beat you 56-7.
If you ever hear Chuck Norris discussing "religion" or "the afterlife", stay the fuck away. He will typically try to get his point across by "sending someone to hell".
If you ever meet Chuck Norris, he may flaunt the fact that he is "fluent in over 6 million forms of communication". Be wary though, as most of these are either a punch to the face, or a kick to the groin.
If you ever see a picture of Chuck Norris smiling, you can be pretty sure its because he has killed someone just off camera.
If you ever see Chuck Norris looking out into the ocean and whistling, you damn well better run. The last people to see him doing so were on a beach in Thailand.
If you feel like you're having a bad day, just think about all the poor souls Chuck Norris has roundhouse kicked.
If you give a mouse a cookie, he'll want some milk to go with it. If you give Chuck Norris a cookie, he'll roundhouse you in the face, search your house for more cookies, and bang your mom.
If you have an argument with Chuck Norris it won't last long. Not because Chuck Norris has a sense forgiveness, and understanding, but because you don't with your brain kicked in.
If you have a nightmare about Chuck Norris, you will wake up in a cold sweat with a bootprint on your face.
If you have ever seen Chuck Norris in person you will notice that he wears sunglasses at all hours of the day. This is because the sheer power of his stare would easily implode your brain and melt your eyes.
If you have ever wondered why Chuck Norris does not play any professional sports, it's because there are laws in place on every other player's insurance policies which generate to null and void if in fact Chuck Norris is participating in any way. 
If you hear a knock at the door, and see Chuck Norris through the peep-hole, he's already in the house.
If you hear, but can´t see, a windmill, it´s usually Chuck Norris doing his roundhouse kick.
If you knock three times on a wooden object and shout the name of Chuck Norris with a lisp on your voice, he will appear to you and personally kick your ass. And it will be better than any orgasm you will ever experience.
If you know some one who doesn't like Chuck Norris, you won't know them for long.
If you look at Chuck Norris's bare back you can see a Surgeon General's Warning against the use of Chuck Norris.
If you look at Chuck Norris while he is smiling, your entire family will get AIDS.
If you look carefully during the 'Hot Coffee' portion of older copies of GTA: San Andreas you can see Chuck in the corner giving two thumbs up.
If you look closely enough in the opening cut scene of Halo, you can see Chuck Norris still sleeping in one of the tubes. He was the original "Hushed Casket" but since he refused to wake up, they had to wake Master Chief, their plan "B".
If you look closely, you can spot Chuck Norris in nearly every scene of "Men in Black".
If you looked at a sample of Chuck Norris under a microscope, you'd go blind.
If you look in a mirror and say "Chuck Norris" three times, he will appear and kill your entire family... but at least you get to see Chuck Norris.
If you look Medusa in the eyes, you are turned into stone.  If you look Chuck Norris in the eyes, you grow a beard.  Then he kills you.
If you lost your virginity, Chuck Norris probably has it.
If you loudly chant the incantation "Chuck Norris" ten times in a dark room, all of your friends will simaltaneously and instantly be decapitated.
If you make a pinky swear with Chuck Norris and dont follow through with the promise he will hunt you down and roundhouse kick your pinkies into your eyes. Then he masturbates on you.
If you make Chuck Norris Norris stroke his beard in confusion, you're finished, because Norris doesn't understand confusion, only pain. 
If you masterbate while thinking of Chuck Norris, it is guaranteed to be 100 times more painful than usual. 
If you mildly anger Chuck Norris, he will follow you, rape you, and then choke you with his cock. All while sitting in the comfort of his own home.
If you paint one painting, you're not a painter. But Chuck Norris baked one cake, and he currently holds the record for "World's Best Baker".
If you pay close attention, women's breasts quiver if you whisper, "Chuck Norris" anywhere in the country.
If you piss off Chuck Norris your life expectancy is negative 5 seconds.
If you play, in reverse, the famous Numa Numa video, it is actually the guy running for his life because Chuck Norris is chasing him.
If you play Led Zeppelin's "Stairway to Heaven" backwards, you will hear Chuck Norris banging your sister.
If you play the Beatles' song, "Yellow Submarine" backwards, you will hear Ringo Starr sing praises of Chuck Norris's talent for animal husbandry.
If you play the song "Strawberry Fields Forever" by the Beatles backwards, it says "All hail Chuck Norris" in Hindi.
If you poke Chuck Norris in the belly, he will say "Hoo-hoo!" like the Pillsbury Doh Boy. Then roundhouse kick you.
if you pulled Chuck Norris' finger, he wouldn't just fart; he would also shit out of his finger.
If you purchase the Total Gym, Chuck Norris will personally show up at your home and roundhouse-kick your ass into shape. No one makes Chuck Norris look bad.
If you put a picture of Chuck Norris on a record and play it backwards, you'll hear the Rescue Rangers theme song followed a raspy voice that says, "7 days." Seven days later, Chuck Norris will explode into your home and raid your refrigerator.
If you put Chuck Norris in a toaster set to Dark, Chuck Norris comes out lightly toasted.
If you put your ear next to Chuck Norris' boot print outside of Grauman's Chinese Theater, you can hear the sound of a neck breaking.
If you rearrange the letters in Chuck Norris correctly, it will reveal the meaning of life.
If you rearrange the letters in Chuck Norris' name you can spell Chuck Norris. You can probably spell other things, but it will be the last anagram you ever do.
If you re-arrange the letters in Chuck Norris you can spell the name Ron Hucksirc. If there is a Ron Hucksirc out there... you're probably going to die soon.
If you rearrange the letters in "Jesus Christ" you get "Chuck Norris", but you have to try really hard.
If you're happy and you know it, don't go near Chuck Norris, because he could change all of that with a roundhouse kick.
If you replace Schrödinger's cat with Chuck Norris, it's actually the observer that winds up dead.
If you're separated by six degrees from Kevin Bacon, you're an actor. If you're separated by six degrees from Chuck Norris, you'll be dead in a matter of hours.
If you rub Buddha's belly you will get get good luck. If you rub Chuck Norris' belly it will make Buddha buy a Total Gym and turn you on.
If you say "candyman" 5 times in the mirror, Chuck Norris will suddenly appear. No one is more terrifying than Chuck Norris.
If you say, "Chuck Norris" five times into a mirror, he will kill you with a roundhouse kick, for making an allusion to a movie that doesn't star Chuck Norris or his beard.
If you say Chuck Norris' name three times into a mirror, he will appear behind you immediately and break your neck. Then, he'll trim his beard in your sink leaving his facial clippings as a calling card.
If you see a street sign that says "SLOW Children at Play," the sign is not indicating that you should slow your vehicle, but that Chuck Norris has been in town, and all the children now have brain damage.
If you see Chuck Norris crying he will grant you a wish, if your wish is dying.
If you see Chuck Norris frowning you will soon die, but if you see him smiling your still fucking dead.
If you see Chuck Norris, it's already too late.
If you see Chuck Norris wearing shorts and wonder why you can't see his penis hanging out, it's because it's tied around his leg three times.
If you see Chuck Norris with a knife and bloody wrists, you should know that the blood is from the knife, not Chuck Norris.
If you see Chuck Norris with a severed head on his shoulder, don´t be alarmed, he's just on the patch.
If you shake it more than twice, you're playing with it. If Chuck Norris shakes it more than twice, a major earthquake destroys an asian city.
If you shaved off Chuck Norris' beard, you would find a tatoo of an identical beard underneath.
If you shoot Chuck Norris, you'll only make him angry.
If you shout his name out your window, Chuck Norris will hear you.
If you show Rock and Chuck Norris shows Scissors, Chuck Norris wins. Chuck Norris always wins.
If you sneeze too hard, you can fracture a rib. If you try to suppress a sneeze, you can rupture a blood vessel in your head or neck and die. If you keep your eyes open by force, they can pop out. When having sex with Chuck Norris all three of these outcomes occur.  
If you spell Chuck Norris wrong on Google it doesn't say, "Did you mean Chuck Norris?" It simply replies, "Run while you still have the chance."
If you stand in front of a mirror, on Halloween night, and say "Chuck Norris" three times, he will come out of the mirror, and karate chop your head in half.
If you stare at Chuck Norris' bicepts for too long, you will go blind or develop testicular cancer.
If you stare directly at the sun, it merely burns your retinas. If you stare directly at Chuck Norris, you die.
If you stare directly into the sun it will bring some eye problems. If you stare directly into Chuck Norris it will bring death.
If you take a picture of Chuck Norris, from that day on, that camera will only develop that same picture of Chuck Norris, no matter what is in the lense's sight.
If you take Chuck Norris and subtract the letters i, s, o, r, n, u, c, k, and h, then add the letters j, e, s, u, and s--in that order--you end up with Jesus.
If you take the time to re-arrange the letters in Chuck Norris, it will inevitably spell out "you are a douche bag."  Chuck Norris will then show up at your house and beat the fuck out of you with a dead cat and hate-fuck your sister.
If you tell Chuck Norris a Knock Knock joke, the answer is always Death.
If you think Chuck Norris can't rape you anytime, anywhere then you are in for a rude awakening tomorrow.
If you trek to England to see Stonehenge, you will be greatly disappointed. Chuck Norris broke the stones with nothing more than the side of his right hand. His left was rendered useless by the 12-pack he was drinking at the same time.
If you try to introduce your mother to Chuck Norris, she'll  introduce you to your biological father.
If you try to kick Chuck Norris in the balls, his penis will roundhouse kick your foot.
If you try to say Chuck Norris five times, as fast as you can, your head will explode. If it doesn't happen to you, you're not saying it fast enough.
If you try video taping Chuck Norris without his permission you will very quickly be filming the inside of your own ass.
If you unscramble the letters in "Chuck Norris" you get "Huck corn, sir."  That is why every fall, Chuck travels to Nebraska and burns the entire state down.
If you've ever beaten Chuck Norris at a game, you obviously didn't know the fuckin' rules.
If you visit ChuckNorris.com, Ctrl+Alt+Delete does nothing.
If you wake up in the morning it's because Chuck Norris spared your life.
If you want a list of Chuck Norris' enemies just check the extinct species list.
If you want to send Chuck Norris a letter, just write "Chuck Norris" on the envelope and drop it in any mailbox. Don't worry; he'll get it.
If you want to wear the same cologne as Chuck Norris, you'll be disappointed to find that Chuck Norris doesn't wear cologne. For two hundred dollars, however, Mr. Norris will fart on your chest before you go on a date.
If you watch Walker-Texas Ranger closely, you'll notice that Chuck Norris only uses violence as a last resort, or when the world goes slo-mo.
If you were born after the year 753 BC, Chuck Norris is your father.
If you were to know Chuck Norris' true name, your mind would collapse upon itself.
If you were to look at Brad Pitt through beer goggles, you would see Chuck Norris.
If you were to scrape the inside of Chuck Norris' cheek and examine the specimens, you would find millions of cells with beards, black belts, and less than sunny dispositions.
Imaginary numbers are only imaginary because Chuck Norris destroyed them all.
I'm not gay, but I keep a naked picture of Chunk Norris on my wall.  Just to keep me humble.  
In 1846, Mormon pioneers moved out west in a futile attempt to stop Chuck Norris from sleeping with all their wives.
In 1891, Santa Claus saw Chuck Norris' beard and was inspired for his own, now his existence has been debated ever since.
In 1929 the stock market crashed. The reason this happened was because of a fight between Chuck Norris and Godzilla. Many people bet on Godzilla.
In 1947 Chuck Norris broke into a Catholic Abby and had sex with all the nuns; the offspring of those women became known as the 1972 undefeated Miami Dolphins.
In 1959 Stephen Hawking became the first and only person to outsmart Chuck Norris. He learned his lesson.
In 1962, Marilyn Monroe slept with Chuck Norris. She then commited suicide, because she knew she would never sleep with a better man.
In 1968 Chuck Norris went on summer holiday to London. He walked into a pub in St. John’s Wood and promptly drank a full keg of Guinness. When the bartender asked him to pay his tab, Chuck Norris produced an enormous belch that lasted for 93 minutes and 33 seconds.  Nearby in a recording studio, tape recorders captured this magical event and thus the world is forever blessed with the Beatles' "White Album."
In 1969 Chuck Norris roundhoused a man towards the sky. One day later Neil Armstrong took his first steps on the moon.
In 1972, for "Way of the Dragon", Chuck Norris and Bruce Lee had a fight in the Colosseum. 1500 years earlier, the Roman Empire spontaneously collapsed.
In 1978, Chuck invented Nerf foam products for "Pussies who can't handle the real thing."
In 1979, Chuck Norris became the first black man to win the New York Marathon.
In 1979, Chuck Norris swallowed a woman's uterus whole. Later that year he gave birth to Vin Diesel.
In 1983, Chuck Norris announced he was releasing a heavy metal album, Round House.  Scared that he would punish anyone who gave it a bad review, the album was praised and soared to number one. However, the album contains no music or singing at all, just the sound of screaming Vietnamese children and the swoosh of a roundhouse kick.
In 1984, Chuck Norris showed up to the Olympics in Los Angeles wearing a USA t-shirt. The Russians refused to come out of their dressing rooms. Chuck Norris won $495,000 in online betting.
In 1985 Chuck Norris entered a science fair for disadvantaged 8-12 year old Spanish children.  His premise was that the speed and force of his roundhouse kicks actual disproved many of the laws our understanding of physics is based on.  Despite lacking any actual proof for this theory Chuck was awarded first place in all catagories.  Every year since Chuck has been awarded a special merit award for "Please don't hurt us". 
In 1987 Chuck Norris won the nobel prize in literature for an obscene writing carved on the stall of a Texan gas station's toilet. At the auction the X-rated drawing beside it has been estimated at $8,000,000.
In 1988 Chuck Norris walked into Hanna-Barbera studios armed with an AK-47 and held the writting team of Scooby-Doo hostage until they agreed never to use the character Scrappy-Doo in any of their cartoons ever again. Norris was awarded with the Congressional Medal of Honor for this act. 
In 1989, Phil Collins challenged Chuck Norris to a drinking contest. Collins passed out after the 6th shot of moonshine. Chuck Norris went on to drink 12 more shots and a pint of antifreeze just to prove Collins a pussy. This, of course, led to the fall of the Berlin Wall later that year.
In 1990, Chuck Norris had courtside seats to a Lakers-Celtics game. When Magic neglected to shake the outstretched hand of Chuck, he merely smirked and walked away. The very next day, Magic held a press conference announcing he had AIDS.
In 1991, Chuck Norris shot a 14 on an 18 hole golf course, falling short of his personal best by 2 strokes.
In 1992 Chuck Norris passed a very large kidney stone. It currently sits atop his desk, makes an excellent paperweight, and a hell of a good conversation piece.
In 1993 interview with Barbara Walters, Chuck Norris admitted to once punching a hurricane in the face.  Walters retorted, "Hurricanes have eyes, but don't, in fact, have faces." to which Norris replied, "Watch your mouth, Hurricane Walters"
In 1994, a film was made in Japan entitled Godzilla vs. Chuck Norris. It depitced a fight between the two, in which Chuck Norris made Godzilla tap out like a bitch. The producers, not wanting their most marketable character to be owned in this fashion, did not release the film. After roundhouse kicking their heads off, Chuck Norris used their ribs to comb his beard.
In 1994, there was an insurance company that started selling policies to cover clients in case of unplanned encounters with Chuck Norris. The company went out of business in 1996 owing nearly $5 trillion in payouts to the families of deceased policyholders.
In 1995, Chuck Norris went on a vision quest at the behest of the chief of his Indian tribe. Upon entering the woods, he encountered a Dodo bird. He promptly kicked the Dodo in the face so hard it killed every one of the Dodo's ancestors. This is why the Dodo has been extinct since 1681.
In 1996, Chuck Norris entered a game show where members of the public tested their abilities against an elite team of superhero characters. Unfortunately, the show was abrutly cancelled after Chuck Norris won the show's final and most grueling event called "The Eliminator".  The show was called "American Gladiators". There were no survivors.
In 1997, Chuck achieved a milestone in his life by being the first man ever in the Western Hemisphere to be awarded an 8th degree Black Belt Grand Master recognition in the Tae Kwon Do system. This was a first in 4,500 years of tradition. This one's true folks. Thumbs up Chucky.
In 1997, Chuck Norris won the Pulitzer Prize for his autobiography entitled "Never Quiting the Fight: The Life of Chuck Norris". He then peed on it.
In 1997, the Kool-Aid Man jumped through Chuck Norris' living room wall. It hasn't been seen since.
In 1998, Chuck Norris' heart was replaced with a flux capacitor.
In 1st grade, Chuck Norris was cast as the Wolf in his school's production of "The Three Little Pigs." Miffed that the "little pigs" seemed to be making fun of the hairs already springing from his chinny-chin-chin, he huffed and he puffed and he blew their fucking skins off.
In 2001, Chuck Norris kicked off Alex Trebek's mustache after not answering in the form of a question.
In 2002, a consortium of the finest mathematicians, computer scientists, and game theorists got together with the goal of creating something Chuck Norris couldn't beat. After 12 long months they had created the greatest tic-tac-toe program ever devised. Chuck Norris beat it in two moves.
In 2005, Chuck Norris forced Vatican clergy to rewrite the Bible to include all the benefits of working out with the Total Gym.
In 2005, four people died worldwide of shark bites.  During this same period 4,000 sharks died of Chuck Norris bites.
In 2028 Chuck Norris will not be killed by old age. Chuck Norris will kill old age.
In 34 countries around the world, Chuck Norris is the official form of capital punishment.
In 500 years, pure energy will be observable under a very sophisticated microscope. When viewed, you will be able to see millions of Chuck Norrises doing roundhouse kicks nonstop at an incredible rate. When this happens, Chuck will emerge from his grave after a long sleep, stretch his arms and casually say, "I cannot be created or destroyed."
In a court appearence in 1994, Chuck Norris asked to be sworn in on a copy of Walker on DVD as opposed to the Bible because, "the Bible means nothing to me."
In a fight between Batman and Superman, the winner would be Chuck Norris.
In a filming of Walker: Texas Ranger, Chuck Norris made it to a crime scene so fast, that scientists were forced to admit the shortest distance between two points isn't always a straight line.
In a grassy knoll in Dallas one day, Chuck Norris decided to flash a parade. JFK's head exploded at the sight of his dick, and the world has never been the same.
In a hostile conversation between Chuck Norris and Vin Diesel, Chuck was quoted saying, "Vin, why don't you walk back into your house, go into the pantry, pull out a bag of 'fuck off' chips, open the package, decide you need some dip, then open the refridgerator and grab some extra spicy 'eat shit' dip, and eat the whole lot, you fucking asshole." Norris later remarked that though his comments were harsh, he meant what he said and he does not regret it. He continued on to say, "I hate that pansy, I mean he can't even grow a beard, for fuck sakes!"
In a moment that will forever live in poker history, Chuck Norris forced Chris Moneymaker, Greg Raymer, and Joe Hachem to fold their hands after all three had already moved all in, by simply uttering, "Fold." Video footage later revealed that Moneymaker laid down a full house, Raymer a straight flush, and Hachem a royal flush.
In an alternate universe, the clean-shaven Chuck Norris of the 1970s is engaged in an epic battle with the bearded Chuck Norris of the 80s and 90s. The result of this conflict is the Aurora Borealis.
In an attempt to bolster ratings during sweeps week in 1988, CNN began referring to itself as the "Chuck Norris Network" and actually hired a bearded anchorman named Wolf Blitzer as a mascot for  the "new" network.  However, they were forced to change back to the "Cable News Network" after Norris kidnapped Ted Turner and tortured him with karate chops to the ribs for 5 straight days.  Amazingly, Wolf Blitzer is still loved today by news viewers across the world.
In an attempt to follow in the steps of Dolly Parton, Chuck Norris attempted to open a theme park. Unfortunetly the idea was cast asunder when the name "Norriswood" was already used to name his penis.
In an attempt to sell more cars, the Ford motor company changed the term from "horse power" to "Chuck power".
In ancient China there is a legend that one day a child will be born from a dragon and vanquish evil from the land. That man is not Chuck Norris, because Chuck killed that man.
In ancient times, ancient tribes would look to Chuck Norris to wipe out the imminent threat of Westernization, which he did with one fell kick.
In an effort to thwart Dave Thomas, Chuck Norris stole the beef. When Wendy's customers asked, "Where's the beef?" he would come in and answer, "Not here bitch."
In an episode of Punk'd, Ashton Kutcher put cling wrap over Chuck Norris' toilet. Later that day, Chuck placed land mines in Ashton Kutcher's toilet.
In a Nike commercial, Bo Jackson once jokingly told Chuck Norris that he "Don't know Diddley". Bo never played football or baseball again.<br />
In a perfect world Chuck Norris would be lonely.
In a previous life Chuck Norris saved me from a man with a gun, only to teach me how to die by his foot.
In a recent television interview with Chuck Norris, Chuck Norris responded to every one of the interviewer's questions by pointing to his belt buckle which read "NOT MY PROBLEM". after about 5 minutes of this, Chuck Norris said, "Interview over," and roundhoused the reporter. Witnessing this, the cameraman screamed, "You killed him!" Chuck Norris pointed at his belt buckle and flew away.
In baseball, a player is said to have executed a Chuck Norris when he scores ten or more runs in a single at-bat.
In baseball, every pitcher's goal is to throw a no-hitter. On the contrary, Chuck Norris' goal is to hit everybody.
In blackjack, Chuck Norris always hits on 20 if the dealer is showing 10. Chuck Norris hates the possibility of a tie.
In bowling, 3 strikes in a row is called a "turkey". 716 strikes in a row is called a "Chuck Norris".
In bullfighting, the matadors may be running from the bulls, but the bulls are running from Chuck Norris.
In case of emergency, Chuck Norris' testicles can be used as hand grenades. Any poor soul unlucky enough to be caught in its blast radius will be hit with the force of 3 Vin Diesel Teacups, a Roundhouse Kick, and 8 pounds of Mr.T Pity.
In Chuck Norris' early 90's animated cartoon, "Chuck Norris' Karate Kommandos", his cartoon persona managed to kick the evil Super Ninja into Sesame Street, leading to mayhem.
In Chuck's earlier years he was abled to not only do a roundhouse kick but he could do it with his legs tied to his hands and an asian glued to his chest.
In Chuck's homeland, a roundhouse kick to the face is equivalent to a handshake.
In Counter Strike, Chuck Norris runs faster with the Machine Gun than you run with the knife. On a similar note, he never fails to get headshots.
In defiance of Heisenberg's uncertainty principle, Chuck Norris can know a particle's position and velocity at the same time. This is because particles stand where Chuck tells them to, and stay there until he lets them leave... if they know what's good for them.
Inertia is a property of Chuck Norris.
Infamous pirate Blackbeard instilled fear and panic in his victims by raising a flag emblazoned with Chuck Norris' picture. He was beheaded shortly after he switched to the skull and crossbones flag.
In fifth grade Chuck Norris was the one to explain the birds and the bees to his classmates. Too bad he did it on show and tell day and knocked up his teacher.
In Final Fantasy 7, changing Cloud's name to "Chuck Norris" allows access to the "Roundhouse Kick" limit break, which generally deals about 300000 damage, impregnates Tifa, and kills the player for attaching Chuck's name to a false idol.
In forty years time, people will no longer die, not because of advanced medical science, but rather because when death came for Chuck Norris, Chuch Norris came looking for death...
In high school, Chuck Norris had a reputation. He once used an M-60 heavy-fire machine gun on a bully. 26 innocent deaths was a small price to pay for vigilante justice.
In his ninth grade chemistry class Chuck Norris was randomly mixing chemicals hoping to make some sort of cool smoke. Years later that same "cool smoke" would be dropped on Japan to subdue the vicious war machine.
In his spare time, Chuck Norris breeds thoroughbred horses by manually inseminating the females with his own semen.
In his spare time, Chuck Norris hangs outside Blockbuster Video  waiting for someone to rent "The Notebook" so he can kick their ass.
In his will, Chuck Norris has specified that if he dies, he will bury himself.
In his youth, Chuck Norris did not play dress-up; he just killed people and used their bodies as costumes.
In Indo-China, Chuck Norris' left testicle is worshiped as the God of Love, whereas his right testicle is viewed as fire breathing demon from hell.
In Jurassic Park, the water shaking in the glass was from Chuck Norris masturbating halfway around the world.  The dinosaur was purely coincidence.
In Missouri, any depicition of Chuck Norris must be registered with the state as a lethal weapon.
In Monopoly, Chuck Norris' game piece is a small, pewter, Chuck Norris. He proclaims, "Thimbles are for queers!"
In one episode of Fresh Prince of Bel Air, Chuck Norris replaced Carlton for one scene and nobody noticed.
In one episode of Walker: Texas Ranger, Chuck Norris actually unhinged his jaw and swallowed his black partner whole.
In order to get the girls to go crazy in the Axe Deodorant Spray commercials, they rub Chuck Norris' semen all over the actor.
In order to purchase the Total Gym work out equipment from Chuck Norris, you must provide your home address, inherently rendering it not risk-free.
In order to save the world from an impending volcanic eruption Chuck Norris stuck his massive beard into the crater, preventing the eruption and saving, among others, Boy Scout Troop #52, which he savagly raped in celebration.
In order to shave, Chuck Norris would need a special razor made out of adamantium. The economic decline of the Carter administration caused the manufacturing of these razors to be too expensive, hence Chuck Norris now wears a beard.
In order to speed up the wait time for death row inmates, Texas added death by roundhouse kicks to the list of acceptable methods of execution.  The wait has gone down from 7 years to before you step out of the courthouse.
In order to survive a nuclear attack, you must remember to stop, drop, and be Chuck Norris.
In order to test his own physical limits in regards to brain freeze, Chuck Norris consumed both the North and South poles. He suffered no ill effects from this feat. Chuck was not surprised.
In order to wake up in the morning, Chuck Norris had to make his own alarm clock. It is made of 3 pieces of paper, a paper clip, one dozen shotgun shells, and MacGyver.
In prep school Chuck Norris was a master debater, because nothing rebuts a roundhouse kick to the face.
In response to his challenge, Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked MC Hammer so hard that he went bankrupt. Chuch Norris then bellowed, "I can touch this," while he pelvic thrusted in Hammer's general direction.
In sixth grade, Chuck Norris got an erection while his teacher was sitting on his lap. Needless to say, this is not the first time he has seen someone decapitated by a ceiling fan.
In some cultures, a roundhouse kick from Chuck Norris is said to bring you good fortune. Unfortunately, we have yet to come across any survivors who can confirm this.
In some states Chuck Norris must remain naked due to concealed  weapon laws.
In Soviet Russia, Chuck Norris is still Chuck Norris.
In Soviet Russia, Chuck Norris still kills you.
In space, Chuck Norris can hear you scream.
In space, only Chuck Norris can hear you scream.
Inspired by the movie Alien vs. Predator, Chuck Norris has begun work on a screen play tentatively titled, "Alien, Predator, Frankenstein, Wolfman, The Mummy, and a Whole Shitload of Vampires vs. Chuck Norris."
Instead of coal on Chritmas, Chuck Norris gives kids a roundhouse kick to the face, then he takes the cookies and milk becuase their is no such thing as santa, their is simply... Chuck Norris.
Instead of finding two of every animal, to save time, Noah simply one female of each species and then Chuck Norris onto the ark. The animal kingdom lives on.
Instead of having a cigarette after sex, Chuck Norris heads outside and brands his cattle.
Instead of Kleenex, Chuck Norris uses the skin of freshly slaughtered baby rabbits.
Instead of saying "Friend" to open up the doors to the Mines of Moria, Gandalf could have simply just said "Chuck Norris".
Instead of the morning after pill, after unprotected sex have sex with Chuck Norris.  His sperm will roundhouse kick and kill all "non-Norris" sperm penetrators.  
Instead of tipping waitresses, Chuck Norris tells them they can be content with no tip, or 15% and hearing the soft, dull crack of their necks snapping.
Instead of using conventional milk, Chuck Norris eats his cereal with Buckley's cough syrup.
Instead of warming up before a workout, Chuck Norris hammers himself to a crucifix and then pulls the stakes out with his teeth.
In String Theory, the entire universe is vibrating. In Chuck Norris Fact, the entire universe is vibrating from a roundhouse kick.
In Swahili, there are 38 words for "Chuck Norris," but only one way to say "Just roundhouse kicked my grandmother in the face."
In Texas, it is illegal for Chuck Norris to wear gloves.  Something about concealing a deadly weapon...
In Texas the new death penalty is a roundhouse kick by Chuck Norris.
In the 14th century Chuck Norris got so mad he roundhouse kicked a third of the population of Europe to death. He then forced the rest to blame it on rats or be kicked as well. This is now known as the Black Plague.
In the 1986 Olympics, Chuck Norris won a staring contest during a boxing match with Mike Tyson.
in the 19th century, whales were hunted down to extinction by Chuck Norris when he discovered they made an excellent addition to a protein shake.
In the 2nd grade Chuck Norris' teacher quoted Sir Patrick Henry by saying, "Give me liberty or give me death." Chuck Norris gave her death. 
In the 70's it was thought that Chuck Norris wouldn't fight a woman.  This gave David Bowie the loophole he needed to escape a roundhouse kick.  When Chuck found out about this he parked his Dodge Ram on top of David.  When he came out of his coma, he wrote the song "Under Pressure".
In the 80's, Chuck Norris marketed a children's cereal called "Chux". It did not sell very well, however, due to the fact that it was made entirely of human teeth.
In the 90's Chuck Norris declared many items to be "unfashionable". This list included Furbies, overalls, and MC Hammer.
In the begining, Chuck Norris told God to make him something to play with and gave Him a seven day deadline.
In the beginning Chuck Norris said, "Let there be light," then swiftly kicked the universe in the throat, laughed, and lit a fart on fire.
In the beginning God created Chuck Norris, but only because Chuck told him too or he'd kick God's ass.
In the beginning, God created the Heavens and the Earth. In the end all that will be left is Chuck Norris. 
In the beginning, there was Chuck Norris. And it was good.
In the book of Revelations, the line "a beast having seven heads and ten horns, and upon his horns ten crowns, and upon his heads the names of blasphemy" is actually a mistranslation of the ancient Greek word for "Chuck Norris". It was King James' final mistake.
In the children's story about the three little pigs. The wolf didn't give up on the brick house. He called upon Chuck Norris to roundhouse kick the brick house down into dust and then ate the three pigs. Later on he ate the wolf.
In the early 1500s, Chuck Norris began a starring contest with Michelangelo's "David".  He hasn't blinked since.
In the early 1980s, Chuck Norris took a ragtag team of lovable losers and turned them into the state football champions. During their victory celebrations, he walked up to the star quarterback and snapped his neck to teach the rest of the team a valuable lesson about the mortality of man.
In the epic poem Beowulf, Beowulf is based on Chuck Norris.
In the fall of 1965, Chuck Norris sold his soul to The Devil. The evil pact ensured that he would never miss while operating a firearm. This, of course, led to an amazing film career which featured never-ending blood baths at Chuck's hands. Even when The Devil came to collect his soul, Chuck Norris didn't miss...
In the film, Dodgeball, there's a scene that was cut from the movie where Chuck Norris jumps from the stands, tears off Vince Vaughn's head, and uses it as a dodgeball to beat Ben Stiller for the win.
In the film "The Octagon", Chuck Norris is often mistakenly interpreted as listening to his conscience.  He has no conscience, but he does keep the Buddha nestled in the safety of his beard.
In the film "The Way of the Dragon" Bruce Lee defeats Chuck Norris in one on one combat. At the time, Chuck Norris had no beard. Hey, I'm just connecting the dots here.
In the fine print of the Geneva Convention, it lists "Death by Norris" as Cruel and Unusual Punishment.  Shame nobody's had the balls to enforce it.
In the game of life, Chuck Norris has the only retired jersey.
In their 17th game of the season, the 1972 Miami Dolphins lost to the Chuck Norris'.  Their team consisted of Chuck Norris and is the only truly undefeated team in NFL history.
In the last scene of "Full Metal Jacket", where Joker kills the Vietnamese sniper and Donlon says, "Hardcore, man... fuckin' hardcore," Donlon is talking about Chuck Norris.
In the late 1980's, President Ronald Reagan asked Russian Premier Mikhail Gorbachev to tear down the Berlin Wall. Why you might ask? So that Chuck Norris could have more target practice.
In the late 19th century Chuck Norris traveled back in time and invented the dinosaurs, because he hates to see a perfectly good meteor go to waste.
In the late 80s Dirty Harry Callahan challenged Chuck Norris to a staring contest.  Dirty Harry has not been heard from since.
In the latest ESPN fantasy football mock draft Chuck Norris was surprisingly picked second to Larry Johnson. The first analyst was mysteriously found dead with a boot mark on his face.
In the movie "Anaconda", the part of the snake was played by Chuck Norris' penis. If you look close, you can see him in a couple of scenes, smiling.
In the movie "Back to the Future" they used Chuck Norris' Delorean to go back into time and into the future. When they gave it back to him with a scratch on it he was angry and roundhouse kicked Michael J. Fox, which years later was the cause of his Parkinson's disease.
In the movie "The Ten Commandments," the pharaoh curses and kills the first born of every household. Chuck Norris snickered when he saw it for he had achieved the feat 1,246 times.
In the movie 'Titanic', Chuck Norris has a brief cameo as 'The Iceberg'.
In the name of the Father, The Son, and Chuck Norris. Amen.
In the new version of Webster's dictionary, pages 300 through 12,300 are dedicated to the definition of hell, where there are 12,000 pictures of Chuck Norris.
In the original text of the bible John 3:16 translates: "For God so loved the world, he sent them his only begotten Chuck Norris."
In the original translation of the Bible into English, a mistake was made. What we now know as "The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse" was originally "The Four Limbs of Chuck Norris."
In the song "Time" by Pink Floyd, there is a line that says we are "Shorter of breath and one day closer to death". That one day refers to Chuck Norris puncturing your lungs and letting you die slowly over a 24 hour period.
In the US, you get killed by Chuck Norris.<br />
In the war on drugs, Chuck Norris killed over 400 drugs with his highly successful Kick Drugs out of America Campaign.
In the world of Chuck Norris, the word enemy is simply shorthand for someone who is dead.
In the year 1817, Chuck Norris had his first and only bout of the Hershey Squirts. That diarrhea is now known as Hershey, Pennsylvania.
In the year 2003 Chuck Norris made a claim that he had in fact written every book on 14th century history. When asked how he could've physically been able to write this material from this period seeing as he was born in 1940, he replied with "Because I'm Chuck Fucking Norris." and proceded to deliever a roundhouse to a small Vietnamese couple.
In the year 2010, Chuck Norris' beard will be declared the 51st state.
In third world countries, children who are named Chuck Norris in honor of Chuck Norris are proven to be 80-90 percent more successful in life. For this reason boys and girls alike are bestowed with the name Chuck Norris, followed by the appropriate surname.
In version 2.6.19 of the Linux kernel, part of the code was optimized by Chuck Norris to actually used some of his physical power. For some reason, all of his optimizations were reverted in the 2.6.19.1 security patch with the changelog comment "Reverting major performance patch: My computer crashed into a wall at 40 MPH!"
In Vulcan, the same word is used for both "Awesome" and "Chuck Norris".
In "Walker Texas Ranger," cast members only wear clothing to hide their scars.
In "Way of the Dragon", Bruce Lee pulls out Chuck Norris's chest hair by the roots. Bruce Lee is dead.
In WWII, Einstien and his colleague Chuck Norris were called upon to develop a weapon capable of mass destruction. They created two. One was the atom bomb. The other, the roundhouse kick. Sending Chuck Norris in to roundhouse kick everyone was much more enviromentally friendly, but in the end the government decided to use the atom bomb. When asked why, an official was quoted saying, "Our goal is to hurt Japan, not decimate it." Hearing this comment, Chuck Norris proceeded to call the official a "pussy", and roundhouse kicked him into a new millenium. This official is known as Al Gore.
I once asked Chuck Norris for his autograph, and he signed his name as "Daffy Duck". When I confronted him, he kicked my teeth in.
I once saw Chuck Norris eat a midget whole. Chuck Norris proceeded to crap the midget out. (Intact, might I add.) When the midget had cleaned himself off a bit, he ran to Chuck Norris yelling, "Thank you, thank you, thank you!" I guess what I'm trying to say is: We're immortal.
Iran has given up on trying to develop nuclear weapons. They are now trying to develop a Chuck Norris. 
Iraq didn't really have weapons of mass destruction, Chuck Norris was just visiting for a week while on vacation.
Iraq was accused of hiding weapons of mass destruction because Chuck Norris secretly vacationed in Baghdad.
Irish people love to fight so much because they are part Chuck Norris.  
Ironically, Chuck Norris has no use for the Total Gym, as the maximum bench press is only 600 pounds.
Ironically, Chuck Norris' hidden talent is invisibility.
Isaac Newton, who was previously believed to have studied the great universal force of gravity, truely studied the great universal force of Chuck Norris.  This is because the apple never fell from a tree and landed on Newton's head, instead it was because Chuck Norris manifested the first apple in order for it to be launched via roundhouse kick from his home planet, 463.7 lightyears away from earth.
I saw Chuck Norris on the streets one day. He pointed at me with a smile on his face and then gave me a thumbs up. I have no idea what that meant.
Israel's Dead Sea is 1,312 feet below sea level because it was where Chuck Dorris axe-kicked his last opponent
It has been proven that Superman can defeat a locomotive. Then he got cocky and challenged Chuck Norris. He's still in a coma.
It has been said that in the same day, Dirty Harry Callahan can eat your family, screw a dog, paint the Sistine chapel and kill a herd of elephants. Chuck Norris can do it all at the same time. 
It has been said that using only a shoelace, three coconuts and a wedge of cheese, Chuck Norris can bring forth the apocalypse.
It is a commonly held belief of the Jewish faith that, as a mere babe, Chuck Norris was separated from his mother in a blizzard. To this day, he hates snow so much that he roundhouse kicks each individual snowflake. The concussive force makes them all unique.
It is a little known fact that anyone who buys a Total Gym will also recieve a free naked picture of Chuck Norris. Should you decide to return your Total Gym, you will get your ass kicked, but may keep the picture as a free gift. 
It is a little known fact that Chuck Norris is the inspiration for James Taylor's "Fire and Rain". After deeming Taylor a touchy-feely sissy, Norris proceeded to set the songwriter ablaze, and when Taylor begged for mercy, Chuck responded by peeing on his head.
It is a little known fact that Hurricane Katrina was actually a category 9 hurricane at one point. Chuck Norris was airdropped into the eye and, you guessed it, a roundhouse kick dropped her 5 points down the scale.
It is a little known fact that the Borg in Star Trek are actually modelled after Chuck Norris' indomitable sperm. Many of the Borg's catchphrases such as "Resistance Is Futile" were also stolen from Chuck Norris. Those are his pickup lines.
It is a myth that Cher and cockroaches can survive a nuclear holocaust. Only Chuck Norris' beard can.
It is a scientific fact that any woman who masterbates to a picture of Chuck Norris will climax in 2.83 seconds, then immediatly explode.
It is a valid theory that a black holes' gravitational pull is so intense that it can bend light. However, it is also a known fact that a roundhouse kick delivered by Chuck Norris will break light's neck.
It is believed that Chuck Norris' lair is located somewhere in the Antartic and is called "The Fortress of Bearditude".
It is believed that King Arthur's legendary sword Excalibur is actually a strand of hair from Chuck Norris' beard.
It is believed that the magnetic poles of the Earth switch every 200,000 years.  Not surprisingly, this coincides exactly with how often Chuck Norris is clumsy enough to stub his toe.
It is Chuck Norris' eye that adorns the Great Seal on the back of the $1 bill. He is all seeing.
It is Chuck Norris who decides what the next fad is. Although more often than not he chooses "suffering".
It is common knowledge that Chuck Norris can remove the wrapper of a Starburst inside of his mouth. He can also remove the wrapper of a Starburst inside someone else's mouth with a well placed roundhouse kick.
It is common knowledge that there are three sides to the force: The Light Side, The Dark Side, and Chuck Norris.
It is commonly believed that DUIs are the source of most car accidents. However, this is wrong. Most car accidents are caused by seeing Chuck Norris in a car. Not only is everyone trying to get out of the way, but you never know who he is looking for.
It is commonly known that Eve was created from the rib of Adam, but few know that Chuck Norris was actually created using Adam's genitals.
It is considered a great accomplishment to go down Niagara Falls in a wooden barrel. Chuck Norris can go up Niagara Falls  in a cardboard box.
It is impossible for Chuck Norris to rape anyone because who would turn Chuck Norris down?
It is impossible to be raped by Chuck Norris because that would mean you did not want it to happen.
It is known that Chuck Norris can morph into any member of the Fantastic Four at will. However many do not know of his amazing ability to morph into The Invisible Woman, spilt in half, and have sex with his other self.
It is known to a few there is an 11th commandment, thou shalt not fuck with Chuck for he who does will be roundhoused into eternal damnation. God knows who's the real daddy!
It isn't blood running through Chuck Norris' veins; it's pain.
It is rumored that Chuck Norris' penis is so large that it is eastern time at his balls, and pacific time at the tip. This has never been proven because even the slighest glance of Norris' genitals causes normal humans to combust.
It is rumored that when the world ends that Chuck Norris will die, however, Chuck Norris will not die. He will be the reason the world ends.
It is said that Chuck Norris' fists have the ability to turn Rosie O'Donnel momentarily straight.
It is said that if you look directly at Chuck Norris' beard you will be turned to stone and you heart will explode.
It is said that the U.S. Army does not have enough bullets to kill the solders of the Chinese army in the event of an invasion. Lucky for us, Chuck Norris' foot doesn't need ammo.
It is said time heals all wounds. Chuck Norris destroyed time because he likes people to stay permanently wounded.
It is said you can't know someone until you walk a mile in their shoes.  This means no one will ever know Chuck Norris because he'd kill you if you touch his shoes.
It is scientifically impossible for Chuck Norris to have a mortal father. The most popular theory is that he went back in time and fathered himself.
It is well known that Chuck Norris weightlifts a lot, but it is not well known that he refuses to weightlift unless he is skydiving from 45,000 feet, without a parachute.
It is widely known that Chuck Norris does not know the meaning of the word "Pain". What is not widely known is that this is not due to any manner of superior physical fortitude, but rather his crippling illiteracy. He does, however, know the meaning of the term "Cleveland Steamer" which he uses on a nearly daily basis.
It is widely known that Houdini died when a kid punched him in the stomach. What isn't widely known is that kid was Chuck Norris. 
It is widely rumored that Microsoft “Word” is the most popular used word processor in the world simply because Bill Gates' had the foresight to add the words "Chuck" and "Norris" to the spell checker. This has made it the most useful spell checker in the universe.
It is written that one day Chuck Norris will team up with Mr. T and Hulk Hogan. They will patrol the land roundhouse kicking, leg dropping, and pitying every fool insight. This is known as the apocalypse.
It is written that the Apocalypse Age would be ushered in by four horsemen: Chuck Norris, Chuck Norris, Chuck Norris, and Chuck Norris.
It never rains on Chuck Norris.
It's a fact that babies that are stillborn really kill themselves from fear of Chuck Norris eating them.
It's a little known fact that only three things will survive the apocalypse: cockroaches, Chuck Norris and Chuck Norris' beard.
It's a well known fact that George Washington had wooden teeth. It is a lesser known fact that while Washington slept, Chuck Norris used his wooden teeth to trim his pubes. 
It's been foretold that Chuck Norris once cured a dying lamb on the side of the road. Legend states that he picked up the lamb and rubbed his beard against it. Naturally, it was cured of all its ailments. At this point, Chuck Norris threw the lamb up into the air and roundhouse-kicked it in the face, killing it instantly. Quote Chuck Norris, "Chuck Norris giveth, and Chuck Norris taketh away."
It's no coincidence that the tattoo on Mike Tyson's face and the sole of Chuck Norris' boot share the same pattern. 
It's said that if you look directly into Chuck Norris' eyes you can see the beginning and end of all things... but no one has had the balls to try.
It's widely known that Chuck Norris single-handedly wrote, voiced, and animated the entire third season of "The Simpsons". What's not so well known is that he did it while circumnavigating the globe in a hot air balloon.
It takes a big man to cry,but it takes Chuck Norris to laugh at him.
It takes an Omish town one day to put up a barn. It takes one minute for Chuck Norris to have sex with all the Omish women in the barn then kick the barn down.
It takes Chuck Norris four hours to get ready in the morning. All but ten minutes is used to get rid of his morning wood.
It took Jesus three hours and help from Peter to carry his cross up Calvary Hill.  Chuck Norris made it in 00:07:26.
It took NASA's top engineers 17 years to develop tools durable and precise enough to trim Chuck Norris' beard.
It turns out that God *can* create a rock he can't lift. But Chuck Norris can lift it.
It was actually a roundhouse kick from Chuck Norris that put Terry Schiavo in a persistent vegetative state.
It was actually Chuck Norris that raped Nanking. Many experts agree that Nanking was asking for it.
It was actually Chuck Norris who built the Frankenstein monster, which he did only to prove that he could resurrect a dead man for the sole purpose of snapping his neck and killing him again. When she wrote her famous novel, Mary Shelley decided to change the name after Chuck Norris drowned her husband and had sex with her twelve times; her change came not out of fear, but admiration.
It was actually Chuck Norris who discovered what happens when you type "french military victories" into Google.
It was actually Chuck Norris who killed JFK. And it was the greatest moment of Kennedy's life.
It was called the Cold War because Chuck Norris said it wasn't hot enough for him.
It wasn't the chicken or the egg.  It was Chuck Norris.
It was once believed that Chuck Norris actually lost a fight to a pirate, but that is a lie, created by Chuck Norris himself to lure more pirates to him. Pirates never were very smart.
It was once said that in a bar brawl Chuck Norris choke slammed Andre The Giant with his dick.
It was proclaimed that the character Walker Texas Ranger was based on the life of Chuck Norris' grandson, Toby Norris, in the year 2030, and slightly changed to a western theme. When asked about the shows theme change Norris replied, "It's just more realistic that a cowboy sheriff is a martial arts master..." Norris then threw a smoke bomb on the floor and vanished, but had to come back because he forgot his car keys.
It would only take one bullet for Chuck Norris to kill G-Unit.
"I wear sunglasses at night cause the sun never sets on a badass". This was Chuck Norris' answer when someone asked what his favorite color was.
Jack and Jill ran up the hill, Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked Jack down and made sweet barbaric love to Jill, then they both went home crying.
Jack and Jill went up the hill, both had a buck and a quarter. Chuck roundhouse kicked Jack, banged Jill, and came down the hill with 5 bucks.  
Jack and the Bean Stalk is loosely based on when Chuck Norris' penis sprouted up out of the ground when he was giving anal from the other side of the Earth. It was only coincidence that the beans that Jack threw out the window were "Chuck Norris Seeds."
Jack Bauer has Chuck Norris on speed dial.
Jack-in-the-boxes never open no matter how many times Chuck Norris turns the crank. They're not that dumb.
Jack Kevorkian refers his patients to Chuck Norris.
Jack Spratt could eat no fat and his wife could eat no lean, so Chuck Norris fed Jack to his wife and ate her. Chuck Norris never eats man meat. Ever.
Jack the Ripper didn't exist. There was only Chuck Norris, unsattisfied by the whores in White Chappel.
Jack was nimble, Jack was quick, but Jack still couldn't dodge Chuck Norris' roundhouse kick.
Jack was nimble, Jack was quick, but then Chuck Norris took care of that with a roundhouse kick. Then he peed on his face.
James Bond is 007 because Chuck Norris killed the first five and we all know what happened to six.
James Bond may only live twice, but Chuck Norris lives forever
James Bond will take stirred martini from Chuck Norris. 
Jason wears a Chuck Norris mask on Halloween.
Jawbreakers were originally in the shape of Chuck Norris' fist.
Jaws made his last cinematic appearance in 1983. Coincidentally, Chuck Norris developped a liking for sushi in 1983.
Jean Claude Van Damme is actually Chuck Norris' feces. That's the last time Chuck Norris ate ethnic.
Jeeves asks Chuck Norris.
Jeeves gets all of his answers from Chuck Norris.
Jesus and Chuck Norris used to be drinking buddies. I say used to because Jesus got sick of always getting stuck with "the ugly friend."
Jesus can turn water into wine. Chuck Norris can turn urine into Dom Perignon.
Jesus Christ is Chuck Norris' stunt double.
Jesus Christ is the only man to survive a Chuck Norris attack.  It took him 3 days to recover.
Jesus Christ was nailed to a cross and left to suffer, bleed and die, but not for our sins. In fact, it was because he was spreading the word of Christianity and not the word of Chuck Norris.
Jesus could walk on water, but Chuck Norris can swim on land.
Jesus didn't die for our sins; he died for pretending to be the son of Chuck Norris.
Jesus gets annoyed with how competitive his father and Chuck Norris are.
Jesus had to wait three days to be resurrected because Chuck Norris was busy.
Jesus has not returned to Earth yet because he is waitng for the Good Chuck's permission.
Jesus is allowed to walk on water, but Chuck Norris is allowed to swim through earth.
Jesus loves you. But unfortunately, Chuck Norris thinks you're an asshole.
Jesus may have healed the lepards, but Chuck Norris still prefers to laugh at them.
Jesus once fed an entire village with one loaf of bread.  After dinner, Chuck clothed them all with one load of his jeans.
Jesus owns and wears a bracelet that reads, "WWCND?"
Jesus plays Chuck Norris in the Nativity scene.
Jesus saves....but Chuck Norris saved Jesus.
Jesus's Birthday isn't December 25 but Chuck Norris once sent him a birthday card for that day, Jesus was too scared to tell Chuck the truth. Thats why we celebrate Christmas
Jesus turned water into wine. Chuck Norris taught him how.
Jesus turned water into wine. Chuck Norris turned wine into a bad temper and an aggravated assault.
Jesus turned water into wine, right before Chuck Norris turned it into blood.
Jesus walked on water because he saw Chuck Norris coming.
Jesus was in fact the second coming of Chuck Norris.
Jesus was originally clean shaved. He grew his beard only after seeing Chuck Norris.
Jesus was sent to die for the sins of man when it became apparent that his older brother, Chuck Norris, was incapable of dying.
Jet Li's Given Chinese name translates to "Chuck Norris".
Jigsaw, from the Saw Trilogy, abducted Norris as his first victim.  Norris' test forced him to fuck over 400 women in less than 15 minutes.  Needless to say Norris passed and kicked Jigsaw in the throat which now results in his raspy voice.  Norris spared Jigsaw's life only because Norris, "sometimes finds it difficult to find that many women in that short of time to fuck."
Jimi Hendrix didn't actually die of an overdose, but killed himself when he found out that Chuck Norris planned to show him up with a 53-hour guitar solo.
Jimi Hendrix didn't die. Neither did John Bonham, John Lennon, or Janis Joplin.  Chuck Norris just kidnapped them and forced them to form an all-star group for his own personal listening pleasure.  The band, known as "Teapot Medallion", performs in Chuck's basement on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays, but the Friday night show is an 18 or older show, but it doesn't matter because the only person who knows about it is Chuck Norris.
Jimi Hendrix once challenged Chuck Norris to a guitar playing contest. When Chuck lost, he round house kicked Hendrix so hard that he died of a drug overdose.
Jimmy Hoffa is alive and well in Chuck Norris' large intestine but refuses to say "uncle".
Jimmy Hoffa is burried in Chuck Norris.
Jimmy Hoffa isn't dead; he just owes Chuck Norris five bucks.
JK Rowling had to set the Harry Potter Series in England, because in America if someone is referred to as He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named, everyone knows they mean Chuck Norris.
Johnny Cash once shot a man in Reno just to see him die. Chuck Norris once nuked the city of Reno just to toast his Pop-Tart.
Johnny Cash, "Shot a man in Reno just to watch him die." Not to be out done Chuck Norris, "Roundhouse kicked fifty men in Austin just to watch them fly."
Johnny Cash's remake of "Hurt" was actually written by Chuck Norris.
John White arrived on August 18, 1590 at Roanoke in modern day North Carolina after securing a ship full of supplies for the first British colony in the New World. He arrived on his grand daughter’s third birthday. He rushed ashore to his family whom he had not seen for three years, only to find the entire colony deserted. Not a soul was found, nor any indication of what had happened barring one cryptic message. Carved into the trunk of an oak was the word "CHUCKNORRIS".
Jonathan Brandis killed himself after Chuck Norris refused to make Sidekicks 2: The Reunion.
Judaism says our Messiah hasn't come yet, Chuck Norris claims he is already here.
Jupiter's Great Red Spot isn't a storm. It's where Chuck Norris puts his victims.
Just for kicks, every Friday night Chuck Norris drives his minivan through Harlem yelling "Hey nigga" at everyone with a gun.
Justin Gatlin won the 100 meter dash when he saw Chuck Norris behind him in the stands. 
Just one of Chuck Norris'pubic hairs is strong enough to hang a man with
Just to prove how bad he was, Chuck Norris crucified himself, forced himself to die (because only Chuck Norris can kill Chuck Norris), kicked Satan in the gonads, and rose five minutes later.  Now he roundhouse kicks anyone that doesn't call his birthday Chuckmas.
Kevin Sorbo once passed Chuck Norris in the park and said, "Hey, nice beard" sarcastically. Chuck Norris became angry, and roundhouse kicked Sorbo in the face. Astonishingly, Sorbo got back up after such a mighty blow. This further angered Chuck Norris to the point where he ripped out Sorbo's jaw, sodomized him with an ice cream cone, and ate his flesh in front of many children. This event has been commemorated with a limited-edition dinner plate and later became the basis for the television show "Grace Under Fire".
Kevlar is made out of Chuck Norris's beard.
Kickball was the first National Pastime. Later on, it was changed to Baseball when Chuck played his first game at recess.
Kicking ass and taking names is an activity that has always eluded Chuck Norris because he is far too busy kicking ass to worry himself with names.
"Kill Bill Parts 1 & 2" were originally entitled "The Merry Adventures of One of Chuck Norris' Girlfriends", but Tarantino pussed out and hired David Caradine instead.
Kill 'Em All isn't just a Metallica album. It's Chuck Norris' to-do list for the day. Every day.
Killing Me Softly was written by someone who witnessed a pissed off Chuck Norris who had just gotten up that morning and somehow had some undersized bunny slippers stuck on his feet. It was bad.
King Kong built the wall around Skull Island to protect himself from Chuck Norris.
King Kong climbed the empire state building to get away from Chuck Norris.
King Kong is basically just the story of Chuck Norris' first visit to New York with a slightly different ending.
King Kong was actually a documentary about Chuck Norris's three year old son.
Kobayashi won the Nathan's World Hot Dog eating contest by eating 60 hot dogs in less than ten minutes. Chuck Norris ate Kobayashi in two bites.
Kobe Bryant passes the ball to Chuck Norris.
Kratos from "God of War" is one of Chuck Norris' sperm.
Kryptonite is just a fancy name for Chuck Norris' shit.
Kryptonite is the only thing that can kill superman. Kryptonite was later to be determined as the bowel movements of Chuck Norris.
Kryptonite is to Superman as Canada is to Chuck Norris. He hates that place.
Kryptonite only makes Chuck Norris stronger. This fact led to the now famous incident when he called Superman a "Pussy". 
Kurt Cobain didn't kill himself, Chuck Norris smiled at him, and his face exploded.
Lance Armstrong once considered blood doping with Chuck Norris' plasma. The idea alone caused his testicle to explode.
Lance Armstrong onces made fun of Chuck Norris. As a result Chuck Norris challenged Lance to a bikerace using the Tour de France's actual course. Instead of peddling Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked his bike the length of the course and beat Lance by three days. Lance immediatly protested the result and Chuck roundhouse kicked him. As a result Lance's hair became part of Chuck Norris' beard and he lost his testicle. Lance didn't have cancer he was just a victim of Chuck Norris.
Lance Armstrong really didn't lose a testicle to cancer, he is actually the only living survivor to a Chuck Norris delivered round house kick to the balls
Last November, Chuck Norris showed up to vote. Upon learning that his name was not on the ballot, Chuck became enraged. An elderly woman standing nearby informed Chuck that he could not vote for someone who was not on the ballot. Chuck replied "Well, it seems you just cast your vote for a roundhouse kick." Chuck roundhoused the woman,  killing her instantly. No one tells Chuck how to vote.
Last week, NASA confermed what most already knew. The dinosaurs were all killed off when Chuck Norris slammed into the Earth.
Last winter, Chuck Norris proved how awsome he was by cloning him self and then round-house kicking the shit out of his clone. This then proved the statement,"Chuck Norris can round-house kick the shit out of anybody, including himself."
Leading hand sanitizers claim they can kill 99.9 percent of germs. Chuck Norris can kill 100 percent of whatever the fuck he wants.
Leap year was invented as a way to celebrate Chuck Norris' superior jumping abilities. But being the humble soul he is, Chuck Norris asked that we only celebrate once every 4 years.
Leaving a criminal in the same room as Chuck Norris is cruel and unusual punishment.
Led Zeppelin asked the devil to give them the greatest sound ever to be heard. The devil produced a recording of Chuck Norris' bowel movements. Fearing that the world was not ready for such wonders, Led Zeppelin wrote "Stairway to Heaven" to dumb it down a little.
Legend has it Chuck Norris once ripped off his beard and donated it to Locks for Love. The lucky patients that received the hair transplants were able to eliminate their cancer by flexing for 30 minutes, just like Chuck.
Legend has it that an epic battle took place between Chuck Norris' mullet and beard for the title of signature hair of Chuck Norris. Cast into obscurity, the defeated mullet was doomed to become Clay Aiken.
Legend has it that Chuck Norris's beard is older than he is. When asked about this his beard replied, "Would a grasshopper be if it wasn't for grass?" 
Legend has it that Chuck Norris single-handedly wrote the Constitution of the United States in blood from Thomas Jefferson.
Legend has it that if you look into the eyes of Medusa you would turn into stone. However, if Medusa were to look in the eyes of Chuck Norris, then she’d grow a red beard.
Legend has it that John Wayne was so tough, he had to use sandpaper to wipe his ass. Chuck Norris is so tough, he uses John Wayne.
Legend has it that the devil sold his soul to Chuck Norris, but actually Chuck Norris took the devil's soul. Nobody sells Chuck Norris shit.
Legend has it that the monster Medusa, whose gaze would petrify those who met it, was defeated by Perseus when he held out a mirror to her, causing her to see her own hideous face and thus become petrified herself.<br />
Lemmings run off cliffs because of Chuck Norris.
Leo Tolstoy's classic work "War and Peace" was originally going to be called "Chuck Norris and Peace", but it was found the words were impossible to print on the same page.
"Let the Bodies Hit the Floor" was originally written as Chuck Norris' theme song.
Liberace came out of the closet because Chuck Norris was in there.
Licking a frog can cause hallucinations, however licking Chuck Norris will cause death.
Life comes at you fast. Chuck Norris comes at you faster.
Life handed Chuck Norris lemons.  Instead of making lemonade, he swallowed them whole and gave birth to Big Bird shortly thereafter.
Life is like a box of chocolates. You never know when Chuck Norris is going to kill you.
Life is too terrified to give Chuck Norris lemons.
Life is what happens when Chuck Norris is sleeping.
Life on earth is proof that Chuck Norris has never become truly angry.
Light goes the speed of Chuck Norris.
Lightning never strikes the same place more than once because it knows Chuck Norris is looking for it.
Lightning never strikes the same place twice, but Chuck Norris does.
Lightning storms happen when Chuck Norris is scratching his beard.
Light travels at the speed of Chuck Norris.
Like a shark with a beard, Chuck Norris can smell 1 part blood in 1 million parts water.
Like the alligator, small birds clean Chuck Norris' teeth when he opens wide.
Limits were placed on births in China just to decrease the chance that there could be a Chuck Norris II.
Literally translated from the ancient tongue of Atlantis the name Chuck Norris means "Little sissy". Sadly, Atlantis is no more.
Little Bobby Jenkins was curious, and a curious boy asks questions. <br />
Little kids enjoy lighting ants on fire with magnifying glasses. Chuck Norris enjoys lighting little kids on fire with ants. Scientists have yet to find out how this feat is achieved.
Little Miss Muffet sat on her tuffet, until Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked her into a glacier.
Little Orphan Annie had a hard knock life because of Chuck Norris.
Little strokes fell great oaks, unless you're Chuck Norris, then one roundhouse kick should do.
Little Susie Goldberg was ten years old when she saw Chuck Norris eating a parking meter. He got mad at her for spying and spat in her face. Later, little Susie got sick. Her parents tried everything, but the doctors could only shake their heads sadly. 37 years later, we now know that little girl as Wayne Brady.
Locks of Chuck Norris' mullet have been used for centuries in asian medicine and are the most potent aphrodisiac known on the planet.
London bridge is only falling down cause Chuck Norris was walking on it.
Long ago, Chuck Norris invented a game that he liked to call Kick The Boulder. Scientists have proven that this is how the dinosaurs became extinct.
Long ago, Chuck Norris invented the roundhouse kick. He then invented pain to have fun with his new creation. Finally, because everyone knew better than to go near him, he invented stupidity.
Looking for a safe stance on abortion? Neither is Chuck Norris.
Lord of the Rings was not corny because of the use of elves and orcs. It was corny because it was a world without Chuck Norris, which as we all know can't exist.
Lord Voldemort is the name Chuck Norris Uses when he is feeling generous.
Love means Chuck Norris never has to say he's sorry.
"Luke, Chuck Norris is your father"
MacGyver attended the Chuck Norris School of Resourcefulness.
Macgyver can build an airplane out of gum and paper clips, but Chuck Norris can kill him and take it.
MacGyver uses a paperclip, balloon and pencil to make a building explode. Chuck Norris used his feet.
Madonna wrote "Like a Virgin" after a weekend with Chuck Norris.
Magician David Copperfield plans to impregnate a woman without touching her. When Chuck Norris heard this, he laughed, impregnated Copperfield, accelerated time eight and a half months, and performed a Caesarian section.
Magnetic North doesn't point to the true north. It actually points to Chuck Norris.
Major League baseball is retiring all of the digits in Chuck Norris's Social Security number to honor his achievements.
Mammoths frozen in the arctic wastes weren't trapped under the ice by accident. They were trying to get away from Chuck Norris.
Manatees are not affected by terrorism, but they are affected by roundhouse kicks to the head from Chuck Norris.
Many ancient Greeks believed that Achilles' only weakness was his heel. They were all wrong - Achilles' other weakness was Chuck Norris.
Many believe that Michael Jackson is the common molester. However Michael Jackson did not molest Chuck Norris, Chuck Norris molested Michael Jackson
Many children enjoy games like jump rope, tiddlywinks, and marbles. As a child, Chuck Norris enjoyed killing people with jump rope, tiddlywinks, and marbles.
Many Cubans seeking a better life in America use massive logs of Chuck's shits to float across the Gulf.
Many gods throughout history have been depicted with beards and many great kings have also sported the nifty facial hair. Most infamous being Jesus Christ. What nobody seems to realize is that Chuck Norris is the sovereign deity of beard and gives these men their beard as a sign of their right to rule over others.
Many of his victims families thought Chuck's power was in his beard. They tried to cut it off with a weed wacker, upon contact the machine blew up killing everyone, except Chuck.  
Many people fear no man but God. God fears no man but Chuck Norris.
Many people say that Chuck Norris eats babies. This is not true. Babies just want to be in Chuck Norris' stomach.
Many people think that the dinosaurs were killed off by a giant meteor. If by "meteor" you mean "Chuck Norris," then yes, you are correct.
Many people think that the three best things in life are sex, drugs, and rock and roll. Chuck Norris counters this statement saying the best three things are sex, sex with your mom and roundhouse kicking your head off when you walk in on him. More at 11.
Many religious scholars wonder why the Antichrist has not come yet. It's because Chuck Norris refuses to die.
Many Strongmen rip phone books in half using their bare hands to demonstrate their strength. Chuck Norris rips Strongmen in half using a TV Guide. Scientists are baffled...
Many thank God that it is Friday. This is a mistake; they should be thanking Chuck Norris for allowing them to live until Friday.
Mark Magwire tested positive for Chuck Norris testosterone, the strongest steroid in the history of time.
Matter cannot be destroyed, but it can be broken down.<br />
Matt Foley lives in a van down by the river because he's hiding from Chuck Norris.
Matthew Webb was the first person to swim the English Channel. Chuck Norris was the first person to swim the Sea of Tranquility.
Maybe you've heard of the two heavenly bodies we know as the Sun and the Moon. They're actually Chuck Norris' Testicles.
M.C. Hammer learned the hard way that Chuck Norris can touch this.
Meeting Chuck Norris is a lot like life, it will always end in death.
Megahertz describes two things: computer speed and Chuck Norris' fist.
Mel Gibson originally cast Chuck Norris as Jesus for his movie, the Passion of the Christ, only to later cut him from the cast. When asked why he made this decision he replied, "It would be a sin to allow Chuck Norris play a lesser role than himself. He was making Jesus look too good."
Men once believed that Chuck Norris revolved around the Earth; today we know the opposite to be true, and the terrible price those fools paid for their ignorance.
Merriam-Webster's Dictionary defines Chuck Norris' beard as "a divining rod for pain."
Mess with the bull and you'll get the horns. Mess with Chuck Norris and you fucking die a long slow horrible death that involves kittens, midgets, and Republicans.
Michael Jackson didn't have facial reconstructive surgery. Chuck Norris kicked him in the face for making crappy music.
Michael Jackson is only white now because Chuck Norris round-house kicked the black out of him.
Michael Jackson's face is a result of a Chuck Norris ass kicking.
Michael Jackson wrote the song "Bad" while pretending he was Chuck Norris.
Michael Jordan wants to be "Like Chuck".
Microsoft has released a new Anti-virus removal tool called Chuck Norris. The tool dares the virus to enter the machine.
Midgets only exists because Chuck Norris has been working on his low kicks.
Millions of Americans have a deadly allergy to a bee sting. Chuck Norris calls that "acupuncture".
Millions of years ago, all of the continents were joined as a super-continent that scientists call "Pangaea". And then Chuck Norris roundhouse-kicked a brontosaurus into a mountain. 
Missing in Action was not a movie.  It was live footage of Chuck Norris in a Vietnam POW camp filmed by the North Vietnamese Army.  Braddock was just the name Chuck used as an alias so that his fellow POW's wouldn't explode just from being in the same cell as Chuck Norris.  
M&M's are too afraid to melt in Chuck Norris' mouth.
Moby Dick was actually a true story about Chuck Norris destroying ships with a whale he hijacked.
Moose shoot themselves when they hear Chuck Norris is going hunting. On an unrelated note, Chuck hunts with his hands.
More people are killed by donkeys annually than are killed in plane crashes. More people are killed by Chuck Norris than by donkeys.
More than half of the planet population has never actually seen any Walker Texas ranger or Delta force or Missing in action production. But they still think Chuck Norris exists. When asked why, they all reply, "Faith."
Moses did not receive the 10 Commandments from God, they were merely a stone that had been stuck in Chuck Norris' sandal.
Moses didn't part the Red Sea. Chuck Norris dropped his erection across it and the water didn't have the balls to go back.
Moses didn't part the Red Sea, Chuck Norris just happened to run by.
Moses displayed the power of God by parting the Red Sea. Chuck Norris displayed the power of Chuck Norris by parting Moses with a well-placed roundhouse kick to the chest.
Moses had Chuck Norris by his side to roundhouse kick the sea in half, in case he failed.
Most children remember bringing an apple to school for the teacher. Chuck Norris brought the teacher's ex-husband's heart in a plastic baggie.
Most men are okay with their wives fantasizing about Chuck Norris during sex, because they are doing the same thing.
Most old movies were in black and white because unless they contained violence and bloodshed, Chuck Norris wouldn't allow the director to use color.
Most people don't know that Chuck Norris is actually the Last of the Mohicans. He just doesn't play that card because he wants it to be fair when he applies to law school.
Most people don't know that Chuck Norris owns Columbia and Vietnam. After having seen all three Missing in Action and Delta Force movies, these countries decided it was best to surrender themselves to him.
Most people enjoy smoking crack rocks. Chuck Norris smokes crack boulders.
Most people have experimented with marijuana. Chuck Norris has experimented with uranium.
Most people put Tabasco sauce on their food if they want it more spicy. If Chuck Norris wants his food spicy he uses lava.
Most people say Chuck Norris' teeth are green from eating grass. But contrary to the popular belief, it's because he eats leprechauns for dinner.
Most people think Chuck Norris mumbles. Actually his voice is sometimes unable to penetrate his beard.
Most people think that Saddam Hussein was hiding in that spider hole from the approaching US Army. In fact he thought that Chuck Norris would make his death a bit less painful if he dug his own grave and patiently waited for him to arrive.
Most people thought Ernest Hemingway committed suicide because he was a troubled genius despondent over the mediocrity of life. What actually happened was that Chuck Norris finally tracked him down and gave him two options: shotgun blast to the head or roundhouse kick. Hemingway took the easy way out.
Most people use only 10 percent of their brain. Given the chance, Chuck Norris will use 100 percent of your brain to wax his car.
Most people use "or else" when issuing a threat. Chuck Norris doesn't have to. The only possible result of ignoring his threats is death, and that's simply understood.
Most people wash their hands with warm water and soap. Obsessive-compulsive people wash their hands with water, soap, and hydrogen peroxide. Chuck Norris washes his hands with hot lava, battery acid, and Tyrannosaurus blood.
Most sperm banks have pictures of Chuck Norris for you to masturbate to.
Mother Nature is Chuck Norris' bitch.
Mothers warn their kids not to play with themselves by telling them that Chuck Norris will grow on their palms and roundhouse kick their balls off.
Mott's apple juice originally started as an inside joke between Chuck Norris and his invisible friend. His invisible friend bet him that he couldn't urinate into bottles and sell it to people.
Mount Kilimanjaro can only be climbed when Chuck Norris has an erect penis. This is because Chuck's erect penis IS Mount Kilimanjaro.
Mount St. Helens last erupted to show her power after being told Chuck Norris was looking for a strong enough woman to mate with.
Mr. Miyagi attempted to train Chuck Norris until Mr. Miyagi told Chuck Norris to sand the floor--after making the floor as smooth as a baby's ass with his beard, Chuck Norris beat Mr. Miyagi into a fine paste that he used to paint the fence and wax the cars.
Mr Phileas Fogg went around the world in 80 days in the most advanced piece of technology for his time. Chuck Norris swam around the world in 11 hours and 5 minutes bodyboarding on his penis. He spent the first 11 hours fucking sperm whales.
Mr. Rogers used to be an asshole, until Chuck Norris told him to "calm the fuck down".
Mrs. O'Leary's cow didn't knock over the lantern. Chuck Norris kicked the cow into the lantern.
Mr. T and Chuck Norris are friends. They play poker every second friday. In their deck, the black kings are pictures of Mr. T and the red kings are pictures of Chuck Norris. All the queens, red and black, are pictures of Vin Diesel.
Mr. T may pity the fool, but Chuck Norris kills the fool.
Mr. T may pity the fool, but Chuck Norris pities Mr. T.
Mr. T once defeated Chuck Norris in a game of Tic-Tac-Toe.  In retaliation, Chuck Norris invented racism.
Mr. T once pittied Chuck Norris. He never made that mistake again.
Mr. T once tried to pity Chuck Norris. He was instantly roundhouse kicked in the face.
MTV sent a camera crew to Chuck Norris' house for an episode of 'MTV Cribs'. The crew began laughing in Chuck's face when they realized his entire house was one big dojo. MTV is currently seeking 3 new camera men.
Much like the biblical legend Samson, Chuck Norris's beard is the source of his power. Shave it off, and he becomes merely a mortal who could still kick your ass.
Much like the porcupine, Chuck Norris floats in water. Also much like the porcupine, Chuck Norris's facial hair can stiffen into needles, but he finds it difficult to comb his beard that way, and thus abstains from it.
Much like the sun, Chuck Norris will cause blindness if looked at for pronlonged periods of time.
Muhammad Ali does not have Parkinson's. He simply shivers in the fear the Chuck Norris will kill him.
Muhammed Ali used to say, "I am the greatest." Then he met Chuck Norris.
MySpace was invented by Chuck Norris as a way of easily identifing all of your friends so that he can kill them immediately following your own death at the hands of Chuck Norris. Chuck Norris then edits your account to display pictures of Chuck Norris.
"Mythbusters" will never challenge Chuck Norris facts.
My wife and I decided to name our son Chuck Norris. My wife is still in a coma, and I am learning to walk again. 
Nails are as tough as Chuck Norris.
Nails wish they were as tough as Chuck Norris.
Napalm is watered-down Chuck Norris semen.
Napoleon had a Chuck Norris Complex.
NASA hired Chuck Norris to save money. He kicks people into outer space, and they later land safely into his chest hair.
NASA scientists test space shuttle heat shields by attatching samples to Chuck Norris' right foot, the only thing known to man that can cut through the air at mach 17.
NASA's origional saying at a space launch was, "3, 2, 1, CHUCK NORRIS!"
Nationwide blackouts are caused by Chuck Norris using an electric razor.
Nationwide Insurance talks to Chuck Norris directly when their commercials say "Nationwide is on your side."
Native Americans call alcohol "Firewater". Chuck Norris has his own "Firewater". We call it Napalm.
Native American's call "Indian burns" "Chuck Norris" burns.  
Navy SEALS utilize the training regimen Chuck Norris used in middle school.
NBC recently pulled its show "Celebrity Cooking Showdown" off the air. This was not because of the bad ratings, but when Chuck Norris made a brief guest appearance. Norris simultaneously won the contest and murdered everyone in the studio when he proceeded to fix them his specialty tuna 'fist' casserole.
Necessity is the daughter of invention. Both are spouses and offspring of Chuck Norris.
Neil Armstrong was the first man to walk on the moon, Chuck Norris was the first to run on the moon.
Neither Firestone tires nor the Ford Explorer can be blamed for the deaths of hundreds of people. Chuck Norris has a casual distaste for small SUV's.
Never ask Chuck Norris to play a game of "Sorry!"  It will only end in tears.  Yours.
Never invite Chuck Norris to participate in a civil war re-enactment. Things just get way out of hand.
Never run away from Chuck Norris. It only draws his attention.
Never say you’re dying to meet Chuck Norris, because you will.
Never stare directly at Chuck Norris, or you will burn out your retinas.
Never try and return a Chuck Norris Total Gym. Within 60 seconds of its return Chuck Norris will rappell through your living room window and scissor kick you in the throat and immediately power fuck Christna Brinkley on your total gym.
Never use the phrase "eat my heart out" around Chuck Norris. He will.
New studies have shown that SIDS is actually the result of newborns learning that Chuck Norris is their father. The little tykes just can't handle the shock.
Newton's little known 4th Law states that the impact velocity of Chuck Norris' roundhouse kicks is directly proportional to the orbiting motion of planets around the sun.
New Years Eve 1998, Chuck Norris and I were at a party, when the clock struck twelve, instead of kissing someone, Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked everyone at the party. He then proceeded to roundhouse kick everyone on the street, and the whole city. He has been doing this ever since.
Nietzche said was God was dead because he knew Chick Norris would kill him if he didn't.
Night is not caused by the Earth's rotation. Night occurs every time that the sun pisses off Chuck Norris and hides behind the moon. Fortunately for us, their issues only last for a matter of hours.
Night of the Living Dead was based on the aftermaths of Chuck Norris' "forgotten" film, where every extra and bit part actor was accidentaly killed.
Nike tried to cast Chuck Norris in a tennis shoe advert. However, they found it exceedingly difficult to craft a shoe that could withstand the power of Chuck flexing his big toe. 
Nine out of ten scientists agree that Chuck Norris, not the "Big Bang", created the universe. The tenth scientist has never been found.
Ninjas practice ancient stealth techniques for the sole purpose of not being seen by Chuck Norris. Little do they know that his beard can sense ninjas from two miles away, and he gets a kick out of sneaking up on them and yelling "Chuck Norris, CHUCK NORRIS". The ninjas are rather pissed about that...
Nintendo wanted to make a video game staring Chuck Norris. The only problem is that Chuck Norris can not die and therefore the game can not possibly pose any challenge to anyone.
Noah's Ark never happened. Chuck Norris actually saved all the animals by telling them to climb into his beard.
Nobel Laureate Adolf Friedrich Johann Butenandt in 1939 made a fatal mistake when he didn't credit Chuck Norris with the discovery of testosterone.
Nobody has ever heard a woman while she was in bed with Chuck Norris. This is because only dogs can hear the frequencies in which they're screaming.
Nobody has ever received a high-five from Chuck Norris. However, many have received a low-two, which is a direct kick to the nuts.
Nobody in his right mind would openly admit to being an enemy of Chuck Norris. That is why he has killed so many of his friends.
Nobody is ever after Chuck Norris's Lucky Charms
Nocturnal animals just can't sleep knowing Chuck Norris lurks about.
No Fear had to stop production of their clothing and stickers when they found out Chuck Norris was still alive.
No fewer than five women have died during passionate sessions of lovemaking with Chuck Norris after being impaled on his beard hair.
No human has ever died out of old age. Chuck Norris just dont like old people.
No human on earth can kill Chuck Norris because God knows he would have to relinquish his throne if Chuck was to go to Heaven.
No matter how close you get you will never see the whites of Chuck Norris' eyes.
No matter what the infomercial tells you, if you buy a Total Gym, you will not recieve anything but a videotape of Chuck Norris having sex with your mother.
No nation has ever launched a nuclear attack against Chuck Norris out of the fear of mutually assured destruction.
None of Bigfoot's friends believe him about his picture of Chuck Norris.
No one can find Waldo in the last picture because Chuck Norris threw him into the stratosphere.
No one fires (or does anything else) at will, Chuck Norris decides when everyone fires, and if they choose to term that as their will, let the self-deception continue.
No one has ever seen Chuck Norris and Optimus Prime together at the same time. Coincidence?
No one has told Chuck Norris that World War Two has ended. This is because nobody wants to be the one to interrupt his killing streak.
No one never knew that Tom Cruise and Chuck Norris were bitter enemies until one evening on the set of Cruise's movie "Cocktail". That evening, Tom Cruise was practicing his role as a bartender by serving Chuck Norris Budweiser in a glass. Tom repeatedly asked Chuck throughout the night if he looked cool flippin the rum and vodka bottles while serving up some shots to a few ladies down from the bar. Chuck responded with an occasional grunt. Half way through the evening, Tom noticed Chuck's glass was half full. Tom asks "Ok man...is your glass half full, or half empty?" Chuck with anger in his voice replied; "How dare you ask me those kinds of questions!" then snaps and says, "Neither... I'm half drunk, give me more" while he grabbed one of the girls at the bar by the neck and ate her head
Normal children went to a party and played Pin the Tail on the Donkey. When Chuck Norris was a kid, he played Pin the Tail on the Saber tooth Tiger... except he used a real saber tooth tiger. Chuck Norris is better than normal.
Normal people shave. Chuck Norris scares the hair back in.
North Korea did test a second nuke; Chuck Norris just used it to heat up his morning cup o' Joe.
North Korea's nuclear program has always been their Chuck Norris deterrent. If his own government begs enough, Chuck will cross the Pacific and kick some Commie ass.
No sane man will play poker with Chuck Norris, because even if you have the better hand he wins, because he has the better fist.
Nostradamus' prophecies regarding Chuck Norris: In the coming year President Bush's approval rating will fall to a dismal 4.8%. Fueled by the support of this web-site Chuck Norris will take power in the bloodiest revolution man has ever seen. Steven Segal will be named vice president, and Jean Claude Van Dam the secretary of defense. Focusing on foreign policy, Norris will end the fight between Jews and Muslims over the Holy Land by eliminating Jews and Arabs completely and renaming the Holy Land Texas-2. With Jews and Arabs gone the economy will boom, the entertainment industry will collapse, and local Dunkin Donuts shall be found abandoned. Norris will go on to expel all illegal immigrants into France via the roundhouse kick. France will become gayest, laziest, and filthiest country in world history and will be eliminated completely in Chuck's second term. At this point it will be realized that the second coming of Christ has occurred, and Chuck Norris will replace the Holy Spirit as part of the Holy Trinity. Global warming will eventually destroy all living things, except Chuck Norris. Norris will asexually reproduce, forming a second Chuck Norris. An argument regarding beard grooming will cause the greatest battle conceivable. When both Chucks roundhouse each other simultaneously the universe will be destroyed. Ironically only the Norris's beard particles will have been strong enough to continue existence. The beards will stand as proof that the only universal force in the world is Chuck Norris.
Not a huge lover of nature, Chuck Norris once killed a cloud.
Not everyone that Chuck Norris is mad at gets killed. Some get away. They are called astronauts.
Nothin' says lovin' like Chuck Norris shoving you in an oven.
Not impressed with the schoolboard's "rabdargab" to encourage kids to "read a book, do a report, get a buck," Chuck Norris instituted his own "rabdargab" :  "ride a bull, do a roundhouse, grow a beard."
Not many people know this but, Walker - Texas Ranger is actually a hidden camera show on Chuck Norris's life.
Not only can Chuck Norris "smell what the Rock is cooking", he can eat it, disapprove of the quality of service and roundhouse kick him in the face as a tip.
Not only can Chuck Norris throw his voice, he is lethal with it up to 200 yards.
Not only can Chuck Norris understand Lassie when she barks, "Timmy's in the well!" but he can also bark back, "Who do you think put him there?"
Not only did Chuck Norris once catch a bullet between his teeth, he then thanked the attacker, as he had a small piece of meat stuck in his teeth that he couldn't get out, and it was dislodged by the bullet. He then added "Oh, by the way..." and pulled the attacker's eyes out. Chuck Norris laughed and then went back to mowing his lawn without missing a beat.
Not only did Chuck Norris write and direct Superman 3, he also stared as every character.
Not only does Chuck Norris have a beard, but his penis has a beard and his beard has a penis.
Not only does Chuck Norris talk in the third-person, he sees in the third-person.
Not only is Chuck Norris a member of the mile high club, he's also a member of the mile low club and the mile long club.
Not only will Chuck Norris lead a horse to water, but he will also beat that horse with his dick until he drinks. The horse then usually drink until their stomach explodes.
Not to be outdone by the popularity of Marky Mark's third nipple, Chuck Norris willed into creation a magical teat located just to the right of his belly button that generates a stream of crude oil whenever Chuck hears the song "Good Vibrations".
November 22nd, 1963: Chuck Norris was driving through Texas when a lone assassin sitting on a grassy gnoll inside a book suppository shot him in the face. After recovering from the face shot, Chuck Norris found the guy who did it and killed him with a roundhouse kick. This is why the death penalty is so strictly enforced in Texas today.
No woman has ever lived long enough to cuddle with Chuck Norris after sex. Instead, he cuddles with his beard.
Obi-wan trained Luke. Qui-gon trained Obi-wan. Yoda trained Qui-gon. Chuck Norris trained Yoda.
Objects in Chuck Norris' rear view mirror are closer than they should be. They are making a grave mistake.
Objects in Chuck Norris' rearview mirror are closer to death than they appear.
Objects in Chuck Norris's rear-view mirror appear at their correct distances.
Objects in motion tend to stay at rest when encountered by Chuck Norris.
Obviously, on the seventh day God did not rest. He created Chuck Norris; his most successful creation.
Occasionally Chuck Norris decides to stare at the sun, and the sun becomes so scared it hides behind the moon. This is know as a solar eclipse.
Occasionally Chuck Norris will call up the Power Rangers just to say hi.
Occasionally when Chuck Norris wants cream to go with his coffee beans and boiling water he will eat a cow's udder.
"Octopussy" was inspired by a story of Chuck Norris having carnal relations with eight cats.
Of course there's no written document in Japan that the Japanese soldiers raped the women in the different Asian countries they tried to invade during WWII. Because Chuck Norris is not Japanese.
Of Sesame Street fame, Bert and Ernie no longer live together. This was after Chuck Norris raised suspicions about their relationship.
Oil prices only go up when Chuck Norris is thirsty.
O.J Simpson didn't do it. Chuck Norris did.
On 9/11 Chuck Norris didn't say anything. Instead he hopped into the Norriscoptor, flew to Afghanistan, captured Osama bin Laden and keeps him locked in his basement. He has promised president Bush he'll turn him over once he's done beating the shit out of him.
On a freezing cold day, Chuck Norris' breath is not visible and his tongue will not stick to a metal pole.
On a Friday night, Chuck Norris ate 5 pounds of baked beans, in order to win a bet made by a friend. Later that night, he went to use the bathroom. The force of the flatulence sent a shock wave across the world two times, and caused the eruption of Krakatoa. Thousands of people died while he was wiping his ass.
On a high school math test, Chuck Norris put down "Violence" as every one of the answers. He got an A+ on the test because Chuck Norris solves all his problems with Violence.
On a hot Texas day, Chuck Norris heard a Yankee make the comment, "It's not the heat, it's the humidity that will kill you." Chuck immediately threw him into the sun.
On an average day 73 percent of the time Chuck Norris's spit is O Negitive
On April Fools of 1986, Chuck Norris pranked the United States by killing everyone in the state of Minnesota.
On a scale of 1 to 10, Chuck Norris kicks ass.
On August 12th of the year 1349, Chuck Norris used the Lord's name in vain. Some priests then tried to burn him at the stake for blasphemy. Right before they would light the fire, God came down and said "Hey assholes, give him a fucking break. Its fucking Chuck Norris. Christ." In case you were wondering, when I say "used the Lord's name in vain," the name to which I refer is Chuck Norris.
On August 17, 1993, Nolan Ryan introduced himself to Chuck Norris as "Ryan: Texas Ranger". On August 17, 2008, Nolan Ryan will die. If Chuck Norris respects you, he'll give you fifteen more years.
Once a cobra bit Chuck Norris' leg. After five days of excruciating pain, the cobra died.
Once a grizzly bear threatened to eat Chuck Norris. Chuck showed the bear his fist and the bear proceeded to eat himself, because it would be the less painful way to die.
Once at a dinner party, Chuck Norris sneezed and accidentally gave birth to a colt.
Once a year Chuck Norris trims his beard. Once a year 4,872 bald chemo patients receive a full (and permanent) head of hair from an anonymous donor.
Once a year Chuck Norris trims the edges of his beard. He then takes the clippings, eats them, craps them out, then markets them as a breakfast cereal. And that is why kids love Cinnamon Toast Crunch.
Once a year in the Spanish town of Pamplona, bulls tie red scarves around their necks and run through the streets trying to avoid Chuck Norris. The brave bulls refer to the festival as "Running With Chuck".
Once a year the National Undertaker's Union holds a party for Chuck Norris.
Once Chuck Norris accidently had some viagra in 1998; he still has the same erection now.
Once, Chuck Norris filled in as a substitute teacher for a 2nd grade class. At lunch that day, a student asked Chuck to protect her from a bully. He promptly confronted the bully, and gave him a stern glare. The bully immediately died of heart failure. Chuck then turned around and kicked the little girl in the sternum for tattling.
Once, Chuck Norris got in a fight with a man in bar, and proceeded to roundhouse kick him in the shoulder so hard that he severed his arm. Norris then used the man's own hand to rip out his still beating heart, which Norris squeezed dry, and used the blood as ketchup on his 64 oz. official "Chuck Norris" Burger from Lone Star.
Once Chuck Norris had cancer, due to it his beard had fallen off. So ashamed of not having his manly beard, he put on a black wig and renamed himself Steven Seagal through 1980-2000.
Once Chuck Norris hits 88 miles per hour, you're gonna see some serious shit.
Once Chuck Norris made Jean Claude Van-Damme cry just by staring at him.
Once Chuck Norris, on his way to a fight against Bruce Lee, had a layover in France for 3 hours. He impregnated the entire country.
Once Chuck Norris sneezed against the wind and caused the seasons to change two months early.
Once, Chuck Norris sneezed in the direction of a wind generator farm, providing California with 100 years of electricity.
Once, Chuck Norris sneezed so hard that he created the leap year.
Once Chuck Norris was asked what he thought was the cause of the dismal successs of the movie Sidekick. He started the war in Kosovo the next day.
Once Chuck Norris was asked "who would win in a fight, him or Van Damme?" to which he replied "I have more talent in one whisker of my beard than that punk."<br />
Once, Chuck Norris was at the airport. When a plane flying from San Fransisco to New York wouldn't start, Chuck threw the plane, which ended up landing in the Gulf of Mexico. Chuck claimed his arm was sore because of overwork.
Once, Chuck Norris was partying all night, and the sun came up. Chuck Norris didn't want to stop partying, so he made the sun go back down. With his mind.
Once Chuck Norris went to a fine dining establishment to get some dinner. When the waiter asked him if he would like regular toast of Texas toast with his meal, Chuck Norris round house kicked him in the face and said, "Texas toast is regular toast".
Once, during a spar, an opponent challenged Chuck Norris to beat him with his bare hands. Because of a miscommunication, Norris left the match and made his way down to the nearest zoo where he preceded to roundhouse kick live grizzly bears to death. It was a mere feat because all animals cower in the presence of Chuck Norris. After relieving the bear carcasses of their paws, Norris made his way back to the spar, where he commenced to beat his opponent to death with his bear hands.
Once, in 1935, Charles Richter pissed Chuck Norris off. Chuck Norris then proceeded to roundhouse kick him to the face. Scientists now use this event to measure earthquakes against(known as the Richter scale), with 10 being the closest to the actual roundhouse.
Once just after Chuck Norris farted the tectonic plates of the Earth were rearranged and the supercontinent of Pangaea was reformed.
Once, Paul Bunyon challenged Chuck Norris to a duel of chopping down a Sequoia tree with only an axe and one arm. After a few moments, Chuck realized that he was losing to Paul. He immediately changed to his right arm. Feeling that this was a bit unfair, he proceeded to fell every tree of the forest. He still won.
Once plugged into the Matrix, it took Chuck Norris 6 minutes to do what it took Neo 3 movies to accomplish.  He also beat Super Mario Bros in under 60 seconds while he was there.
Once some dumbass tried to kick Chuck Norris in the balls. Norris just laughed and blew up the man's testicles by just looking at them, and then Chuck slit his throat with his broken shards of dignity.
Once, the writers of Saturday Night Live came up with a skit based on Chuck Norris. Due to fear of the beard, however, the name of the character was changed from "Chuck Norris" to "Bill Brasky". It remained the single most funny skit in SNL history.
Once to decided who had the greatest beard of all time Chuck Norris challenged Sean Connery in a fight to the death. The battle ended in a draw when the two decided that their beards we're equally matched. The two joined forces and destroyed New Zealand. You may know this battle as documented in the film Lord of the Rings.
Once, when Chuck Norris had a fever, a man told him the only cure was more cowbell. Chuck Norris was so enraged that he flicked the man in the testicles, causing him to vomit uncontrollably for 16 days straight.
Once when Chuck Norris was hungry he ate the Flying Spaghetti Monster. Why do you think no one has ever seen him?
Once, when Chuck Norris went to the zoo, a monkey threw feces at him. Chuck responded in kind. The site of the zoo is now called the Grand Canyon.
Once when Ray Charles was three, he saw Chuck Norris' penis.
Once while at a party Chuck Norris slit his wrist and used his blood to substitute the tobasco sauce that had ran out. Everyone who ate it tragically died hours later, everyone who refused to eat it suffered fatal roundhouse kicks by Chuck Norris. 
Once while attending a field party back in 1967 Chuck Norris got a little carried away and consumed 14 barrels of corn liquor, 32 kegs of beer, and 12 pounds of choice Jamaican Redhair. Feeling a little buzzed he wandered off into the woods to take a piss when he stumbled upon a large female bear. The result of this chance encounter is the creature we all know and love today called \"Bigfoot.\"
Once, while flying over Arizona, Chuck Norris pissed out the window of the plane. This explains the Grand Canyon. 
Once, while having sex in a tractor-trailer, part of Chuck Norris' sperm escaped and got into the engine. We now know this truck as Optimus Prime.
Once while in a coma and adrift on the high seas, Chuck Norris was attacked by the largest, most ferocious great white shark that ever lived. Some years later, an interviewer asked him about the incident. All Chuck could remember was that the sex was great and the shark steaks were delicious.
Once while playing baseball for the Texas Rangers, Chuck Norris hit a grand slam with no runners on base.
Once, while traveling in space, a stray asteroid collided with Chuck Norris' testicles, slicing the left one off. Just to prove that he's badass, he ejaculated with only one testicle to stop the testicle that he didn't have. This event is recreated  in the end of Final Fantasy VII.
Once while walking down the beach Chuck Norris came across a woman with no arms or legs, crying. When he asked what was wrong, she explained that she had never been fucked by a man. Chuck Norris tenderly picked up the woman and threw her in the ocean. He then called out to her, "Now you're fucked."
Once while watching an episode of Walker Texas Ranger, a young woman remarked, "that's not acting, that's just talking". Immediately Chuck Norris jumped out of the TV screen and roundhouse kicked her to death. Chuck then said, "It's acting if Chuck Norris says it's acting".
On Christmas eve, when Santa is out and about, Chuck Norris sneaks up to the North Pole for a little lovin' from Mrs. Claus.
On Chuck Norris' dog house there is a sticker that says beware of Chuck Norris.
On Chuck Norris's 16th birthday, his father bought him a prostitute. He gave her a round-house kick to the head after she refused to go a 21st time. 
On Chuck Norris' tax returns, he claims the world as his dependents.
One Christmas, a kid said, "All I want for Christmas is my two front teeth." As soon as the kid said that, Chuck Norris jumped down the chimney and pulled all of the kid's teeth out but his front two teeth. Chuck was moving so fast the kid couldn't see him, and the kid called the fast blur a fairy. And that is where the legend of the tooth fairy came from.
One day after a workout, Chuck Norris yelled, "Why is it so damn cold in here?" Since that date, scientists have been trying to determine the cause of global warming.
One day Chuck Norris accidentally severed his arm at the elbow while putting kittens in a wood chipper. He laughed and mocked the drummer from Def Leopard. His arm grew back in 30 minutes.
One day Chuck Norris and Mr T met in the street. Mr T punched Chuck Norris at the exact second Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked Mr T. The fallout from the explosion resulted in the 80's.
One day, Chuck Norris ate 48 pounds of medical waste. You cannot question his reasons, for he is Chuck Norris. He proceeded to shit out New Jersey 8 hours later.
One day Chuck Norris brought his famous, extremely spicy salsa dip to a party. Many people then asked for the recipie. It included his semen and several dead children.
One day Chuck Norris decided that his house wasn't close enough to the water. He then created global warming.
One day Chuck Norris killed only 8 people. We now celebrate Thanksgiving.
One day Chuck Norris looked in the mirror and said "No one outstares Chuck!" He is still there to this day.
One day Chuck Norris ordered a Big Mac at McDonalds. When the employee asked him if he wanted fries with that, Chuck Norris had sex with his girlfriend, taped it, and mailed the tape to him for Christmas.
One day Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked Plymouth Rock. It flew all the way to Africa where it subsequently landed on Malcolm X.
One day Chuck Norris was infact killed when he round house kicked someone in the face so hard that it shattered the universe. But in heaven, Chuck challenged God to an arm wrestling match. Chuck won, and the universe was reformed.
One day, Chuck Norris was sparring with Wolverine from the X-men. While in the heat of his practice, he accidently lost his left testicle. It iss now known as Jupiter.
One day Chuck Norris was taking a walk when a group of kids asked approched him and asked him if he could get their ball off the roof of a nearby building. He did so by tilting the building on one side so the ball rolled off. That is the true reason the Tower of Pisa is leaning.
One day, Chuck Norris was walking down the street when he saw an old lady trying to cross at a busy intersection. As he was helping her across, a city bus came charging towards them. Chuck tossed the old lady to safety and placed his body directly in front of the bus, stopping it instantly. He then proceeded to eat the bus. Then he ate the old lady. Chuck Norris never takes chances.
One day Chuck Norris went shopping and he had grabbed the last can of pea soup off the counter. Just then Steven Segal, Jean-Claude Van Damme, and Godzilla walked in and turned to Chuck Norris and said, "Give us the pea soup Buck Morris!" right then Chuck Norris turned around and went, "The name is Chuck Norris!" and he brutally anniliated all three of them. The pea soup tasted especially good that night.
One day there will be a cure for cancer, but there will never be a cure for Chuck Norris.
One day when Chuck Norris was driving, his semi broke down, so he carried it to the nearest repair shop.
One does not punch Chuck Norris; Chuck Norris headbutts one's fist.
One drop of Chuck Norris' sweat can cure you of anything, even death.
One fateful afternoon in 1987, Chuck Norris made a cameo on Sesamee Street, encouraging children to share their toys or risk getting some "Texas Justice" from mom or dad.
One gram of Chuck Norris will power the entire universe for 17 years if placed in a nuclear reactor instead of uranium or plutonium.
One individual Chuck Norris sperm is strong enough to support the weight of Oprah's ass after a 3 day Twinkie and Ding-Dong binge. 
One man's junk is Chuck Norris' choice of weapon to kill you with.
One might only look no further than Chuck Norris' unflushed toilet to find the primary cause of global warming.
One must promptly recognize Chuck Norris... always. One time, my buddy said, "Is that Chuck N-", and his head exploded.
One night Chuck Norris took Viagra just for the hell of it.  They are still patching the hole in the house across the street.
One night Chuck was taking an extremely painful shit after eating some bad pork lo mein. The result was Jet Li.
One night, in Siberia, Chuck Norris decapitated Bill Bratzke with a single roundhouse kick. Will Ferrell has never been the same.
One of Chuck Norris' earlier hobbies was creating a version of the Latin language for use by swine. It is now called Portuguese. One of Chuck Norris' other hobbies is misleading people.
One of Chuck Norris' more impressive moves is his ability to do a backflip, roundhouse kick, and simultaneously de-pants himself. The amount of tail he's won by this trick is staggering.
One of Chuck Norris's favorite movies is Titanic. When he saw it in the theater, he laughed heartily for the entire 3 hours, and continued laughing for 45 minutes after the credits rolled. 
One of the greatest cover-ups of the last century was the fact that Hitler did not commit suicide in his bunker, but was in fact tea-bagged to death by Chuck Norris. 
One pound of Chuck Norris is heavier than ten pounds of everything else
One time a 3rd grader tried to impress Chuck Norris by burping the alphabet. In turn Chuck belched the entire script for the show Cowboy Bebop.
One time a bee tried to sting Chuck Norris. He just laughed at it and blew it up with his laser vision.
One time a foolish young man made direct eye contact with Chuck Norris while asking him for his autograph. Chuck Norris became so angry that he ejaculated fluorosulfuric acid at a velocity near the speed of sound into the boys chest, carving a fleshwound that spelled out "Best wishes, Chuck Norris" in cursive. He then went back to drinking his delicious Pearl beer.
One time after Chuck Norris stubbed his toe, he killed everyone in Ohio.
One time a group of evil ninja's hired by Vin Diesel cut off Chuck Norris' beard in his sleep because they heard it was the source of his ultimate power.  Norris hunted them down and killed them all with a single roundhouse kick.  He then used their blood to feed his genetically enhanced killer bees, which he wore as a replacement beard.
One time a guy mistakenly thought Chuck Norris was Burt Reynolds.  Needless to say, that guy got the role of "the Piggy" in Deliverance.
One time a guy tried to shoot Chuck Norris but missed him. Chuck Norris then took the man's gun, shot himself in the face just to show the guy that a gunshot to the face is nothing to Chuck Norris.
One time a kid came up to Chuck Norris and said, "My name is Chuck, too." Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked kid in the head and said, "Your name is now Mentally retarded kid."
One time a little girl asked Chuck Norris for some spare change. He kidnapped her, ate her intestines, and published a novel about these events by the title "Where's Waldo".
One time, a long time ago, some kid named Steven made fun of Chuck Norris' jeans, so Chuck Norris made jeans out of him, and named them Levi.
One time, at band camp, Chuck Norris killed the counselor and taught his fellow children to play the way Chuck taught himself to play. These children became the members of Led Zeppelin.
One time, at band camp, Chuck Norris stuck a grand piano up his pussy.
One time, Chuck Norris escaped from Alcatraz with nothing but an elastic band and a plastic fork. This was was the inspiration for the song "Funkytown".
One time Chuck Norris got bored so he flew to England and orally sodomized the entire royal family.
One time, Chuck Norris played Monopoly. When he was sent to jail, Chuck passed GO, collected 200 dollars, did your girlfriend, and bought all your properties. No one plays Monopoly with Chuck anymore.
One time Chuck Norris' son went missing. He was found in Chuck Norris' beard 2 months later.
One time Chuck Norris was having a date in the middle of a prehistoric jungle, a dinosaur ate his date. The resulting roundhouse kick was so powerful, he made the dinosaurs become extinct. Chuck Norris then covered this up and claimed it to be a meteor, just to get PETA off his back.
One time Chuck Norris was in the back of a pickup truck, along with a live deer. Chuck goes up to the deer and says, "I'm Chuck Norris! SAY IT!" Then he manipulates the deer's lips in such a way as to make it say, "Chuck Norris." It wasn't exactly like it, but it was pretty good for a deer.
One time Chuck Norris went camping in the woods. In the morning lumberjacks began to cut down what they thought was an oak tree but was instead Chuck with a terrible case of morning wood. None were seen from again. 
One time Chuck Norris went to the mall to tell Santa what he wanted for Christmas; a Jean-Claude Van Dam punching bag and a bucket full of screaming year old children. When Santa said he couldn't do it, Chuck Norris ate Santa's elves, fucked Mrs. Claus and then roundhouse kicked Santa in the face.
One time during a game of baseball, Chuck Norris hit a home run that left the Earth's atmosphere, traveled to another galaxy, and nearly hit Han Solo's head. Han mistook this for a blaster shot and killed Greedo in response. It was the second longest home run Chuck Norris ever hit.
One time during the company Christmas party, Chuck Norris was getting a handjob from a co-worker in the basement. The sheer power of his climax blew out the foundations of the building killing all the corporate profit-mongers. Chuck Norris crawled out of the building, refreshed and satisfied.
One time in an airport a guy accidently called Chuck Norris "Chick Norris". He explained it was an honest mistake and apologized profusely. Chuck accepted his apology and politely signed an autograph. Nine months later, the guy's wife gave birth to a bearded baby. The guy knew exactly what had happened, and blames nobody but himself.
One time I was trapped on the roof of a burning building with no way down. I yelled, "Help me Chuck Norris. Help me!" I saw something out of the corner of my eye. I turned to my right to see what it was. It was a small dot in the sky, but as I stared, the object got closer and closer. It was Chuck Norris! He landed on the roof and gave me an autographed headshot of himself. He then took off and left me there. Today, 70 percent of my body is covered with 1st degree burns. Chuck Norris is an asshole.
One time, on Groundhog Day, instead of seeing his shadow the groundhog saw Chuck Norris. The result was the ice age.
One time this guy dreamt about kicking Chuck Norris' ass. His funeral was last Wednesday.
One time, while boating in the Pacific Ocean, Chuck Norris ate some bad clams and threw up overboard. His vomit solidified and became Hawaii.
One time, while Chuck Norris was filming an episode of "Walker: Texas Ranger", the production team brought on a guy to hold up cue cards. Norris roundhouse kicked that guy in the pancreas, and proceeded to speak every line in the script in perfect Swahili, just out of spite.
One time while sparring with wolverine, Chuck Norris accidentally lost his left testicle. You might be familiar with it to this very day by it's technical term: Jupiter.
One year Chuck Norris impersonated Santa. He would come down the chimney and proceeded to give roundhouse kicks to the face of boys and girls who were awake in a hope to see Santa for real.
Only Chuck Norris can beat himself, and he likes to do it with one hand.
Only Chuck Norris can have sex in the Champagne Room.
Only Chuck Norris can prevent forest fires, but he likes toasty marshmellows.
Only Chuck Norris is capable of consecutively firing a six-shooter seven times.
Only Chuck Norris knows if a tree that has fallen in the forest with no one there to hear it makes a noise... and he won't tell.
Only once has Chuck Norris performed a poor roundhouse kick.  He punished himself by roundhouse kicking himself in the throat... It was his best ever.
Only one photograph of Chuck Norris giving the thumbs down exists. It was confiscated by the CIA in 1992 when it was discovered viewing it will result in your home being blown up instantaneously. It was then photocopied and distributed throughout the red states reading "Hope they play Walker, Texas Ranger in hillbilly hell".
Only Wonder Woman has a uterus capable of bearing Chuck Norris' children.
Only YOU can prevent forest fires, but only Chuck Norris can say that he castrated Smokey the Bear, a once ferocious maneater, and turned him into an environmentalist queer.
On May 3, 2003, the Old Man of the Mountain crumbled to the ground. That was the last time anyone challenged Chuck Norris to a staring contest.
On mouse traps, Chuck Norris uses an autographed picture of himself as bait.
On September 11, Chuck Norris was on vacation. The last time he was on vacation was December 7, 1941.
On September 12, 2003, a girl was born who not feel pain named Alison Winters. On March 10, 1940, a man was born who could not feel pain named Chuck Norris.
On special occasions Chuck Norris eats the heart of a horse to gain superhuman fly swatting abilities.
On the 6th day, God created Chuck Norris.  On the 7th day, God rested. On the 8th day, Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked God and took over.
On the 7th day, God rested. Chuck Norris took over.
On the 7th day, God wasn't resting; he was hiding from Chuck Norris.
On the comments part in Chuck Norris's first grade report card it said, "What Mr. Norris lacks in social skills he makes up for in the bedroom."
On the Eighth Day Chuck Norris told God to take a breather and that he'd "Take it from here."
On the eighth day, God said, "Let there be Chuck Norris.", but put him into cryogenic sleep after he roundhouse kicked twelve Adams to death.
On the eigth day God made Chuck Norris. He then realized he had completely mucked up and wasted the first seven days, but was too tired from this most recent endevour so he left things as they are.
On the first day, Chuck Norris said, "Let there be beard."  And it was awesome.
On the first day, God created Chuck Norris. On the second day, God created the roundhouse kick. On the third day, Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked God out of heaven. God now works as a waiter in North Dakota.
On the first day God created the heavens and the earth, looked down, and then said, "Holy shit, is that Chuck Norris?"
On the first day of kindergarten, Chuck Norris brought his teacher an apple. When he realized the entire class had also brought apples he swiftly roundhouse kicked them into submission and replaced his apple with a copy of Missing in Action.
On the set of Dodgeball, Chuck Norris single-handedly won the entire tournament. After receiving the trophy, he gave a thumbs-up. The editor only kept the final part in the movie, and paid with his life.
On the set of Walker, Texas Ranger, Chuck Norris's beard has its own trailer.
On the seventh day, God rested, and Chuck Norris said, "Get your lazy ass back to work." So he did
On the seventh day God rested, because Chuck Norris had him in a sleeper hold.
On the sixth day God created Chuck Norris.
On the sixth day God created Chuck Norris.  On the seventh day God did not rest, he was unconscience after recieving a round house kick to the face for not making Chuck on day one.
On the weekends Chuck's favorite pastime happens to be going to retirement homes. Not to help out, but in fact to swallow the souls of the old. This is the reason why he has stayed at the physical age of 55 for the past 213 years.
Originally Chuck Norris was going to be hired to play the role of Jack Bauer on the show "24". The producers changed their minds when they realized the show would last only 17 minutes.
Originally, Chuck Norris was going to be the main role in the movie "The Pacifier", but was taken by Vin Diesel instead, in fear that Chuck Norris would punt the baby into an oncoming car, eat the duck, and choke the kids with his testicle hair.
Originally, God created both Adam and Steve, but God's young apprentice, Chuck Norris, did not approve of Steve's incredibly gay behavior, so he roundhouse kicked Steve until the "S", "t", and penis were knocked out of him.
Originally, Survivor was going to have 16 people put on an island with Chuck Norris. The final person left alive was to be given a million dollars and an autographed card from Chuck, which would read, "I'll be back for you later."
Originally the 1 dollar bill was to say "In Chuck Norris We Trust", but instead they choose to use his biblical name.
Originally the Fonz planned to jump over Chuck Norris, but got scared and decided to jump over a shark instead.
Originally, the universe was two dimensional. A roundhouse kick from Chuck Norris knocked a guy into the third dimension, dragging everything else with it from the force of the blow.
Osama Bin Laden is hiding from Chuck Norris.
Osama Bin Laden is not hiding in the mountains of Tora Bora from the United States. But instead, he is hiding from Chuck Norris because Bin Laden claims his beard possesses more power and strength than Chuck Norris'. Needless to say, Chuck Norris is fucking pissed off.
Osama Bin Laden is really hiding from Chuck Norris
Oscar the Grouch, before moving into Sesame Street was known fondly as; Oscar the Blissfully Happy. Then he hit on Chuck's girlfriend. You can imagine the rest.
Other than Chuck Norris, everything IS relative.
Ours is not to reason why, ours is but to be roundhouse kicked by Chuck Norris.
Outkast apologized for making Mrs. Jackson's daughter cry. Chuck Norris didn't, and swiftly roundhouse kicked Andre 3000 for being a pussy.
Over 10,000 virgins had to be sacrificed before Chuck Norris would agree to cameo in the film "Dodgeball."
Over 500 Americans are arrested daily for public indesency. Chuck Norris is commended for it.
Oxygen requires Chuck Norris to live.
Ozzy Osbourne ate the head of a bat, but Chuck Norris ate Batman.
Ozzy Osbourne once bit the head off a bat. Not to be outdone, Chuck Norris then bit the head off Batman.
Pain is only temporary. Unless Chuck Norris roundhouse kicks you in the face... that just fucking hurts.
PanAm used to be the number one carrier in aviation for 60 years, until they declined Chuck Norris' requests to convert a 747 into a bomber and let him parachute back in Vietnam for "Missing in Action 3: Missing Ass Kicking".
Parapsychologists have documented that Chuck Norris is the only human to ever have punched a ghost.
Particle accelerators only work when the scientists manage to convince Chuck Norris to give the particles a push.
Part of the reason Chuck Norris can kick so many people in the face before they block it is because his shadow holds them by the balls.
Passed out, surrounded by terrorists and nerve gas, and handcuffed to a table leg, Chuck Norris laughed to himself and said, "I have them right where I want them."
Pee Wee Herman got arrested for masturbating in public. The same day, Chuck Norris got an award for masturbating in public.
People are known to have their ass beaten by the shadow of Chuck Norris.
People don't die of "natural causes." It's just something doctors use because there's only so many times you can say "Chuck Norris did it, again" in one day.
People drink beer to get drunk. Chuck Norris uses beer as aftershave.
People like being Mr. Rogers neighbor. Not because they live near Mr. Rogers, but because Chuck Norris is the neighborhood watchman.
People love wine country but Chuck Norris prefers scotch country.
People often talk about the Invisible Hand that keeps the economy in harmony. We should thank Chuck Norris for this. His hand is invisible because Chuck is modest.
People run with the bulls for fun. The bulls are running from Chuck Norris in fear.
People say that "Muhammad Ali was so fast then when he switches off his bedroom light he is in bed before it is dark" Chuck Norris however is in bed, sleeps for 12 hours, gets up, has a shower, has breakfast, and then gets changed again before the lights go out in his bedroom.
People say the truth hurts, but it hurts a hell of a lot more when it comes from Chuck Norris.
People think Billy Joel is an alcoholic and wrecks lots of cars. In reality, Chuck Norris keeps kicking Billy's ass because Chuck is the Piano Man and he started the fire.
People think snakes have a flexible jaw so they can swallow there prey hole. In reality God made them that say so Chuck could switch to a non-latex condom if he wanted to.
People who maintain that "size doesn't matter" have never had sex with Chuck Norris.
People who say that Chuck Norris has slept with every woman on the planet are wrong. Chuck Norris has slept with every attractive woman on the planet. He doesn't waste his time with fatties.
Peppy told Chuck Norris to do a barrel roll once. Peppy doesn't tell people to do barrel rolls anymore.
Peter Jackson initially wanted Chuck Norris to star in Lord of the Rings. Unfortunately, the entire trilogy would've been 12 hours shorter and full of dead hobbits.
Phobias are afraid of Chuck Norris.
Physicists theorize that, like snowflakes, no two hairs in Chuck Norris' beard are alike.  It is unlikely that this will ever be confirmed with hard evidence since it is virtually impossible to get close enough to Chuck Norris to examine him and live. This is a textbook example of the Norris Uncertainty Principle.
Pictures of Chuck Norris are worth 2000 words.
Pinatas were made in an attempt to get Chuck Norris to stop kicking the people of Mexico. Sadly this backfired, as all it has resulted in is Chuck Norris now looking for candy after he kicks his victims.
Plate Tectonics is a myth. Everything that Chuck Norris hits with a roundhouse kick breaks into seven pieces.
Playgirl magazine once asked Chuck Norris to appear naked in an issue, Chuck laughed at the opportunity saying, "There isn't enough paper in the world to contain my bearded member". He then killed the editors simply by unzipping his pants. 
Playing chess against Chuck Norris is completely safe, it is only when he plays against himself that the resulting clash of unparralelled mind power causes all time to halt completely, and every molecule within a 5 mile radius explodes at the speed of light, complete protonic reversal, similar to what happens when the Ghostbusters "cross the streams."
Plugging Chuck Norris into any equation makes the outcome equal to pain.
Pluto used to be the biggest planet in the solar system until it pissed off Chuck Norris. Jupiter knows when to keep its mouth shut.
Pluto was Chuck Norris' 724th kidney stone. His first was the death star.
Pluto was recently demoted from planetary status because Chuck Norris declared it to be "a big steaming pile of Disney dogshit".
Pokémon is about Chuck Norris reproducing with animals.
Polar Bear/Grizzly hybrids are more common than people think. Chuck Norris/Grizzly hybrids are much more rare. The only living example is Robin Williams.
Popeye's spinach is made of 99% recycled Chuck Norris shit.
Praying Mantises take after Chuck Norris. After having sex they bite off the head of their mate.
Pray that Chuck Norris never decides to look directly at the sun. It's a stare down contest and the sun will lose, casting a perpetual night upon us all.
President Bush fails to understand that Chuck Norris would've invaded Iraq long ago if it were a just war.
President Bush released a statement yesterday saying that fuel emessions actually help the environment. It's the heat that radiates from Chuck Norris' pecs that cause global warming. Sorry Australia.
Pressing the 'X' button in Halo 3 transforms Master Chief into Chuck Norris.
Pretzels make Chuck Norris thirsty. Nonetheless, he continues to eat them.
Prince initially called "When Doves Cry" "When Chuck Cries." After several Chuck Norris roundhouse kicks to the sternum, he changed not only the title of the song, but his name as well.
Princess Diana did not die in a car crash.  She in fact saw Chuck Norris' penis and exploded in awe.
Prior to the birth of Chuck Norris, body bags were called flower bags.
Prostate cancer gets regularly checked for Chuck Norris.
Putting 58008 into a calculator and turning it upside down you get BOOBS, and putting Chuck Norris into a calculator and turning it upside down gets you a deadly roundhouse kick to the face.
Pygmies dip their darts in Chuck Norris blood.
Q.E.D., written at the end of mathematical proofs, stands for "quod erat demonstrandum," which is Latin for "so sayeth Chuck Norris."
Queen's "Another One Bites the Dust" was written about Chuck Norris' life.
Quentin Tarantino was once asked to make a movie based on the life of Chuck Norris, but he declined saying the movie would be too violent for his taste.
Rainbows are what happens when Chuck Norris roundhouse kicks Richard Simmons.
Rain occurs when Chuck Norris makes the sky cry.
Rather than being birthed like a normal child, Chuck Norris instead decided to punch his way out of his mother's womb. Shortly thereafter he grew a beard.
Rather than "good intentions," Chuck Norris paved the road to Hell with the mangled corpses of the Viet Cong.
Rather than signing autographs with a pen and paper, Chuck Norris takes a hot iron and brands his name into people.
Rather then drink a cup of coffee every morning, Chuck Norris pours the whole pot on his genitals every morning. He laughs because it tickles.
Razor companies keep making shavers with more blades in the hope that Chuck Norris will stop eating them.
Real men don't have pubic hair. They have cock beards in honor of their leader and idol Chuck Norris.
Recently Chuck Norris asked President Bush to go to lunch. However, the President said he was too busy searching for weapons of mass destruction. When he heard this, Chuck Norris flexed his biceps and said, "You found them right here." Then everyone within ten miles exploded, except for Chuck.
Recently, Chuck Norris demanded an absolute bug-free version of the upcoming Windows Vienna 2009. Five minutes later Bill Gates announced that he would move to a part-time role with Microsoft in July 2008.
Recently Chuck Norris donated $5.7 million to the Tsunami Relief Fund. It's about time he started taking responsibility for his actions.
Recently Chuck Norris was told that Bruce Willis has given over 5 million dollars over the past year to charity. Chuck's response: "Pussy!"
Recently historians discovered an additional book of the bible, there is now Mark, Mathew, Luke, John, and Chuck Norris.
Recent research suggests that more than 98% of the mass of the Milky Way's black hole is attributed to the multitudinous terrorists, communists, and other villians sent to their doom by Chuck Norris.
Redwood trees are Chuck Norris' fallen beard hairs.
Regardless of race, sex, gender, location, or education level... at one point in your life you have underestimated Chuck Norris. You will live just long enough to regret this.
Remember the huge pile of crap in Jurassic Park?  It was actually left by Chuck Norris, who was on the set visiting some friends.
Remember the Soviet Union? They decided to quit after watching a DeltaForce marathon on Satellite TV.
Researchers developed a prototype Chuck Norris Chia Pet; however, the product was never produced commercially after a number of incidents where testers were eaten by the product once the beard had fully grown.
Researchers recently discovered the original draft of the Declaration of Independence. It said "Dear King George - Fuck you, we're leaving. Signed, Chuck Norris."
"Ribbed for her pleasure" condoms are based on Chuck Norris' penis, which is so large that it actually has it's own rib cage.
Richard Simmons was straight before he arm wrestled Chuck Norris.
Rock music was originally call Chuck Norris music but Chuck Norris only recognizes screaming as music.
Romantic comedies are the result of Chuck Norris vomiting after sex.
Rome wasn't built in a day: Chuck Norris did it in an hour. Then he sacked it and fiddled while Rome burned.
Rome wasn't built in a day they say. In a second Chuck Norris levelled it with a sneeze. Since it took more than a day to rebuild he invented Kleenex to prevent destruction of more of his favourite holiday destinations. It has never been the same  - the neighbourhood formerly known as Atlantis has never been found.
Ron Jeremy decided to grow his mustache and get into porn after seeing Chuck Norris beat a women to death with his penis.
Roosters crow in the morning to warn everyone that Chuck Norris is now awake.
Rosa Parks refused to get out of her seat because she was saving it for Chuck Norris.
Roses are red, violets are blue, Chuck Norris will kill everyone, and he's starting with you.
Roughly a quarter of all these Chuck Norris facts were submitted by Vin Diesel, who is unaware that the Vin Diesel fact generator even exists.
"Roundhouse Kick" is the currency Chuck Norris use when he needs to buy shit.
Rubik can't even get one side of Chuck Norris' cube.
Rumors claim the dinosaurs were wiped out by a massive comet. This is false. Chuck Norris simply roundhouse kicked all of them into oblivion.
Rumors falsely claim that b29 bombers dropped the atom bombs on Japan. The truth is that Chuck Norris threw the bomb all the way to Hirosima.
Rumour has it that the semen from Chuck Norris' six-foot wang can cure leukemia, especially in small children.
Running after a gazelle, catching it, then proceeding to eat it while it's still breathing is Chuck Norris' definition of "fast food".
Russia is currently testing jet engines that run on Chuck Norris' sweat and other various bodily fluids.
Saddam Hussein was toppled from power after inviting Chuck Norris to move to Iraq, proving that Saddam was trying to acquire a Weapon of Mass Destruction.
Sally sells sea shells down by the sea shore. At least she used to. She tried overcharging Chuck Norris. She is now in the witness protection program.
Samuel Jackson calls Chuck Norris, "My nigga."
Sand people walk in single file to hide from Chuck Norris.
Santa Claus brings presents to good little girls and boys, and Chuck Norris to bad little girls and boys.
Santa Claus didn't bring Chuck Norris a gift one Christmas. Chuck caught him as he left the North Pole the following year and roundhouse kicked Santa so hard the Earth tilted off it's axis and stayed that way.
Santa Clause once told Chuck Norris to sit in his lap. There were no survivors.
Santa Clause used to exist, until the fateful Christmas Eve that he forgot to leave out milk and cookies for Chuck Norris.
Santa stopped existing after visting the Norris residence. Rudolph got off easy.
Satan is the Prince of Darkness because Chuck Norris is the King.
Schindler's List is actually a bi op of what Chuck Norris did to the playground kids when he was in kindergarten.<br />
Schools are too afraid to block The Chuck Norris Random Fact Generator because they are aware of Chuck Norris's wrath.
Scientists agree: A Chuck Norris roundhouse kick is fast enough to break the sound barrier. This explains the strange static-lightsaberish sound that viewers of Walker Texas Ranger complain about during broadcast.
Scientists are trying to determine whether it is possible for Chuck Norris to deliver a roundhouse kick so powerful that even Chuck Norris himself could not withstand it. Much of the research centers around Chuck Norris' beard, which is believed to be his source of ultimate power.
Scientists believe that it is Chuck Norris' flatulence that causes the solar winds. You can thank Chuck for the Aurora Borealis.
Scientists claim a black hole is a region of spacetime from which nothing can escape, even light.  Chuck Norris sticks his dick in them because he says it feels good.
Scientists from 50 different countries tried to measure the speed of Chuck Norris' roundhouse kick. They will be missed.
Scientists have attempted to calculate the statistical possibilty of anyone beating Chuck Norris. The sheer impossibility of this task has caused many of the scientists to develop symptoms of severe foot-shaped bruising to the face.
Scientists once tried to bottle Chuck Norris' emotions and sell it as a beverage, but had to pull it off the market after 9 kids died of Rogaine poisoning.
Scientists only noticed Pluto was a dwarf planet when Chuck Norris stood next to it.
Scientists used to believe that a diamond was the world's hardest substance. But then they met Chuck Norris, who gave them a roundhouse kick to the face so hard, and with so much heat and pressure that the scientists turned into artificial Chuck Norrisi.
Scientists were baffled when Chuck Norris swam to the bottom of the Marianas Trench, because most humans would get crushed. Then the scientists started to understand when Chuck Norris crushed the Marianas Trench. Now he lives at the bottom in a log cabin
Scientology is Chuck Norris' first sucessful get-rich-quick scheme.
Seatbelts don't protect Chuck Norris, they are there to <br />
Second-hand smoke is not the Silent Killer. Chuck Norris is.
Secret CIA prisons are a myth created to cover up Chuck Norris' recently acquired hobby of tracking down and torturing terrorists around the globe.
Sega made an arcade game once where you fought Chuck Norris. Every time you put a quarter in, the screen immediately displayed "You Lose". It was Sega's most popular machine ever.
Shaft once said to Chuck Norris, "Damn you a bad mutha!" At which, Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked Shaft and said, "Shut yo mouth!"
Shaking Chuck Norris' hand can be harmful to your health.  Just ask Christopher Reeve.
Sharks move two steps down the food chain when Chuck Norris takes a swim. It goes Chuck Norris, then theres an empty space and then sharks. Chuck Norris doesn't like the smell of fish next to him in the food chain.
Shortly after Bruce Lee's death, Chuck Norris worked as a Chemist, during which time he discovered the element of surprise and later, painium. He won a nobel prize for his work which he put next to his imaginary Oscar on his trophy shelf
Shortly after winning the 1978 international Kung Fu title Chuck Norris flew around the world in a hot air balloon in 3 days, prooving that records are simply a list of things Chuck Norris has never attempted.
Similar to a Russian Nesting Doll, if you were to break Chuck Norris open you would find another Chuck Norris inside, only smaller and angrier.
Simon says EXACTLY what Chuck Norris fucking tells him to say. Period.
Simply by pulling on both ends, Chuck Norris can stretch diamonds back into coal.
Since 1940, the year Chuck Norris was born, roundhouse kick related deaths have increased 13,000 percent.
Since 1960, 80% of Top 40 radio songs have been written about Chuck Norris.  During the same period 100% of Top 40 radio songs have been written by Chuck Norris.
Since Chuck Norris began speaking at high schools about teenage pregnancy, unplanned pregnancies are down 100%. He has planned every one.
Since Chuck Norris' birth in 1958 round house kick related deaths have risen by 4 hundred million percent.
Since the presence of Chuck Norris drives women wild with desire and makes men quake with terror, it is very disruptive to film him with other actors. For each episode of "Walker, Texas Ranger," Chuck Norris filmed his scenes alone so that they could be added later using editing and special effects. This is also why his acting appears, occassionally, to be a little wooden.
SIPRNET is routed through Chuck Norris' belt buckle.
Sloth from The Goonies is actually Chuck Norris' aborted son.
Smart parents will teach their kids that 2 plus 2 equals “what ever the hell Chuck Norris says it equals”.<br />
Smoking won't kill you. Chuck Norris might.
Snap, Crackle, and Pop were named after the sounds that were made when Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked their father into a barn.
Soccer superstar David Beckham can juggle a soccer ball for hours at a time. Chuck Norris can juggle David Beckham even longer.
Socrates was put to death after he asked Chuck Norris, "Why did you sleep with my wife?"
Somebody once said, "Think of each day as a new beginning." In the case of that, Chuck Norris has only had sex four times.
Some call him the space cowboy, some have called him the gangster of love. Some have even called him Charles once or twice. Well, once.
Some kids piss their name in the snow. Chuck Norris can piss his name into concrete.
Some men have inflatable women. Chuck Norris' is titanium. And he still has to replace it every week.
Some men light matches by striking them against the stubble on their chin; Chuck Norris lights icicles.
Someone claimed that Chuck Norris facts suck. Nobody has heard from him since that.
Someone once approached Chuck Norris suggesting that rearranging the letters in his name reveals the message "I churn corks".  He then brutally murdered them saying "They knew too much".
Someone once asked Chuck Norris the philosophical question, "If a tree falls in a forest but no one is there to hear it, does it make a noise?". Chuck grinned at the fool and then used him to chop down the nearest tree while singing "I'm a lumberjack and I'm okay".
Someone once bet Chuck Norris he couldn't shit on the ceiling.    Michelangelo still owes him 10 bucks.
Someone once said that God is in the face of every child - Chuck Norris just laughs when he hears this, because he impregnated every female in the world and knows that it's his beard on the face of every child.
Someone once tried to assassinate Chuck Norris's beard but missed hitting Chuck in the face, Chuck proceeded to beat the holy hell out of the guy using nothing but his penis and elbow, Chuck has since installed security on his beard, with a deflector diverting bullets to his face, since he values his beard more than even his rugged good looks.
Someone once tried to make a Chuck Norris flavored chewing gum, but everyone who tried it kept having all of their teeth knocked out and complained about a strange leathery after taste. 
Someone once tried to tell Chuck Norris that roundhouse kicks aren't the best way to kick someone. This has been recorded by historians as the worst mistake anyone has ever made.
Someone thought it would be a funny joke to tell Chuck Norris that Brokeback Mountain was a good wild west cowboy movie. That person is now dead. So is everyone that went to the theater that day.
Some people are just tough, rugged badasses at heart, but not Chuck Norris. Chuck knows that hearts are for pussies.
Some people are now afraid to go hunting with Dick Cheney, but Dick Cheney has always been afraid to killing with Chuck Norris.
Some people believe that Chuck Norris was responsible for the extinction of the dinosaurs, and they're totally right. It was the mere thought of Chuck Norris that killed off the dinosaurs.
Some people believe UFOs fly around so erratically because they are trying to impress us. However, they are just trying to get away from Chuck Norris. The crash of 1947 showed the aliens that Earth would not be so easy to subdue.
Some people box kangaroos for entertainment, Chuck Norris boxes Australia.
Some people consider eating bread dipped in human blood barbaric. Chuck Norris calls it fondue.
Some people crawl before they walk, Chuck Norris round-house kicked before he walked.
Some people eat pepperoni on their pizza. Some people have canadian bacon. Chuck Norris usually has Venezuela.
Some people get excited when the new hunting season starts, but Chuck Norris just sees it as another Monday.
Some people illustrate Chuck Norris as a red guy with horns and a pitchfork. This however, is not true. The pitchfork got replaced by nunchuks a long time ago.
Some people say God invented the world in 6 days, on the 7th day was a day of rest. Chuck Norris invented Mars in 4, then slaughtered everything on it in 1 day with a barrage of kicks and beard rubs. On the 6 and 7th day he banged every single woman on Earth twice. 
Some people say that the only thing in life you can't get away from is aging. They have obviously never met Chuck Norris.
Some people see the glass half full others just see it as half empty; Chuck Norris sees Scotch.
Some people think the most powerful thing is Universe is a black hole. Some people are wrong. It is Chuck Norris.
Some say that if you hold a seashell to your ear you can hear the ocean. If however you were to hold the shoe of Chuck Norris to your ear, you would hear a thousand years worth of screaming women and children.
Some say you are what you eat. Chuck Norris eats babies, but if you ever call him a baby he will roundhouse kick you back to infancy and eat you.
Some scientists still refer to supernovas as "The Chuck Norris Effect". These scientists also think that comets are Chuck's sperm.
Some time ago, Chuck Norris wrote two different stories. Norris gave the one he felt was weakest to his friend, William Shakespeare, who later renamed it "MacBeth". The stronger one went onto become "Missing In Action".
Some time ago, Nestle asked Chuck Norris to develop a "kick ass" candy bar.  Chuck immediately took a dump in a chair and roundhouse kicked everyone in the room.  Pointing at the peanut laced shit in the chair, Chuck exclaimed, "There's your kick ass candy bar you Vietnam bitches!"  We now know this as a "Baby Ruth".
Sometimes Chuck Norris gets an itch on that tiny spot on his back that he can never quite reach. He scratches it by sticking a sword through his chest.
Sometimes Chuck Norris parts his hair on the left side just to see if anyone will notice. They always do.
Sometimes, for no particular reason at all, Chuck Norris lactates like a woman. He doesn't know exactly why it happens, he just knows that if it didn't, Brooklyn would be in deep shit. 
Sometimes while setting, the sun will linger just a few more minutes on the horizon to get one last look at Chuck Norris.
Some turds sink and some turds float, all of Chuck Norris turds turn into Tonka Trucks.
Somewhere in Texas Chuck Norris belched. The result was the Union Carbide tragedy in India.
Somewhere, right now, Chuck Norris is plowing a woman he doesn't love.
Sonar was invented after US military officials gave clearance for funding towards research that observed Chuck Norris roundhouse kicking a metal pole at the bottom of the Atlantic ocean.
Sonic booms are actually caused by Chuck Norris' nocturnal emissions.
Soon after birth, Chuck Norris' mother requested that he be circumcised. He then round house kicked her in the face and fled, dragging his dead mother behind him by her embilical cord.
South American frogs lick Chuck Norris so they can hallucinate.
Soylent Green is people. Soylent Orange is Chuck Norris. Nobody has ever eaten Soylent Orange.
Space is infinite. Surprisingly enough, so is the amount of beard that Chuck Norris can produce.
Sparta was a Greek city state started by a group of people who wanted to be Chuck Norris. Unfortunately they were not Chuck Norris, but their study under Chuck Norris helped them at the battle of Thermopylae.
Sperm count for a normal human male ranges from 20-150 million. Chuck Norris' sperm count is only one, but it's two feet long, and wants out NOW.
Spike TV filmed a new show called "Ultimate Fighter: Chuck Norris Edition," that will never air due to the fact that all the contestants died in roundhouse kick to the face related incidents.
Spontaneous combustion is code for "Chuck was here".
Squirrels bury acorns for winter. Chuck Norris buries little children for mid-day snacks.
Stan Lee admitted that Captain America is a lame copy of Chuck Norris.
Stars don't really exist. They're just specks of light shining through Chuck Norris' beard.
Starting in May of 2006, there will be four sizes of popcorn at AMC movie theaters: "Small", "Medium", "Large", and "Chuck Norris' Balls".
Starting in the year 2007, all forms will have 3 boxes for people to mark their gender:  Male, Female, and Chuck Norris.  
Steak was invented when Chuck Norris kicked a cow at a chain link fence.
Stephen Hawking found out the hard way not to fuck with Chuck Norris.
Stephen Hawking is too clever for his own good. That's why Chuck put him in that chair.
Stephen Hawking once tried to explain the history of time without talking about Chuck Norris. As a result, Stephen Hawking can't really talk anymore. Or move.
Stephen king was once locked in a room with Chuck Norris for five hours. Five months later Stephen king came out with the book the Shining.
Step on a crack, and Chuck Norris will break your mother's back with a roundhouse kick.
Steven Seagal is actually Chuck Norris' aborted twin brother.
Steven Seagal was once compared to Chuck Norris as a joke. Chuck Norris wasn't laughing.
Steven Segal is Chuck Norris' bitch.  When Chuck Norris is hungry, he says, "Bitch, make me a sandwich," Steven Segal would then make a sandwich. 
Steven Segal legally changed his name to Chuck Norris, and reems all the proceeds for the Total Gym for himself. When Norris found out about this, he blew up Segals mother.
Sticks and stones may break your bones but Chuck Norris words will kill you.
Sticks and stones will break your bones, but words will never hurt you. Unless they are Chuck Norris', then they will throw sticks and stones at you.
Sting once got roundhouse kicked in the face by Chuck Norris. The impact of the blow sent him half way into the pacific ocean. This ultimately resulted in the song "Message in a Bottle". When the album hit stores Chuck sued Sting on the premise of artistic inspiration, and won. The settlement was four cheeseburgers, a large coke, and another roundhouse kick to the face. The result this time was the song "Walking on the Moon".
Stone Cold Steve Austin's "Stunner" is no match for Chuck Norris's "Roundhouse Kick".
Stonehenge was the result of Chuck Norris ending an enormous bout of constipation using the English countryside as a massive dumping ground.
Stop signs are red to signify that Chuck Norris may be coming, and if you do not stop he may just fucking kill you.
Stores will accept Monopoly money if Chuck Norris is paying.
Studies have shown that El Nino can be traced back to Chuck Norris' birth. Chuck Norris loves hot weather.
Sucker-punch: To strike a man with your fist without warning or provocation.<br />
Sunspots are the result of a Chuck Norris kicking the Sun's ass because it wouldn't pay up after it lost a staring contest. Chuck often stares at the Sun and laughs when the sky turns red at sunset, because he knows that the Sun is still pissed about it.
Superman had a fight with Chuck Norris. The loser had to wear his underwear outside his pants.
Superman is to Kryptonite as Chuck Norris is to nothing.
Superman owns a pair of Chuck Norris pajamas.
Superman's only weakness, Kryptonite, is really Chuck Norris' dried sweat.
Superman wears his underwear on the outside to cover the stain from when Chuck Norris kicked the shit out of him.
Super Mario once challenged Chuck Norris to a fight. Mario used a mushroom to make himself bigger, but this only resulted in Chuck's roundhouse kick hitting him in the crotch instead of the face. Chuck Norris remains undefeated.
Surgeon Generals Warning: Do not use Chuck Norris when pregnant or nursing.
Surprisingly, the only thing Chuck Norris has ever been afraid of was the Dodo. In order to keep this fact secret, he went back in time and killed every one of them. This is also how the animal got it's name, as it is obviously silly to frighten Chuck Norris.
Switzerland isn't really neutral. They just haven't figured out what side Chuck Norris is on yet.
Take an ordinary picture of Chuck Norris. Hold the picture close to your face, and stare for a couple of minutes. If you do it right, Chuck will projectile vomit on you. If not, check the picture.
Takeru Kobayashi at 50 1/2 hot dogs in twelve minutes.  Chuck Norris ate 12 asian babies in 50 1/2 minutes. Chuck Norris Won.
Takeru Kobayashi ate 50 and a half hotdogs in 12 minutes. Chuck Norris ate 12 asian babies in 50 and a half minutes. Chuck Norris won.
Talking during a movie helps Chuck Norris thin down the population.
Tarded is what happens when you challenge Chuck Norris. Retarded is what happens if you live to try it again.
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles is based on a true story: Chuck Norris once ate a turtle whole, and when he crapped it out, the turtle was six feet tall and had learned karate.
Teleportation was invented when a salesman called Chuck Norris on his cellphone. For wasting his minutes, Chuck reached in and pulled the telemarketer through the phone and ate him. 
Terri Schiavo once gave Chuck Norris a standing ovation.
Terrorists recently attempted to hijack Chuck Norris' private plane. This resulted in the world record for farthest distance a cowboy boot has been stuck up someone's ass.
Texas does not have a police force. They have Chuck Norris.
Thankfully, Chuck Norris doesn't masterbate because the heat caused by the friction would boil the water in the oceans.
That dick you saw go through Marlon Wayans' head and killed him in "Scary Movie" belonged to Chuck Norris. Only Chuck was three states away at that moment.
"That's my baby Daddy" was the original theme song for Walker, Texas Ranger.
That's not a birthmark on Gorbachev's head, it's a burn from when Chuck Norris spit on him.  Consider that Chuck Norris' contribution to the Cold War.
That's not cocaine. That's Chuck Norris' dandruff.
That which does not kill you only makes Chuck Noris liable to do it properly himself. 
The 10 commandments were just Chuck Norris' first 10 sentences.
The 1 of 5 dentists that didn't recommend Chuck Norris got a roundhouse kick to the face.
The 4 horsemen of the apocalypse are a reference to Chuck Norris' two fists and two feet.
The active ingredient in Rogaine is extracted from Chuck Norris' beard.
The addictive substance we now know as cocaine was accidentally created by Chuck Norris when he wished he could kill Chris Farley without touching him.
The adjectives "invincible", "unstoppable", and "Godly" came into wide usage the very year of Chuck Norris' birth.
The ancient rulers of China built a 4,000 mile wall to keep Chuck Norris out. Chuck Norris went around.
The answer, my friends, WAS blowin' in the wind, until Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked the answer for hanging around with hippies. Now the answer orbits the solar system and only comes near the Earth every 1000 years.
The answer to the border control problem is easily solved. All we need to do is put up a billboard of Chuck Norris that reads, "I live here. Do you still want to enter?" Too bad that the damn liberals are calling it inhumane.
The Apprentice was suddenly canceled after the death of Donald Trump.  It was reported that Mr. Trump called Chuck Norris to the board room, his last word before his untimely death was "You're".
The Ark of the Covenant can be found in Chuck Norris' beard.
The Arms Race between the U.S. and the U.S.S.R. ended in a forfeit the second Chuck Norris was born.
The Army changed it's slogan to "Army of One" after a recruiter mistakenly thought that Chuck Norris had enlisted.
The Army's slogan, "Army of One," was based on every single Chuck Norris movie ever created.
The Association of American Undertakers voted to make Chuck Norris their honorary President after he personally increased their buisness by 300%.
The atomic bomb is really just a hunk of metal with Chuck Norris' picture on it.
The atomic bomb that hit Hiroshima was actually Chuck Norris's most severe and deadly martial arts move. That day he promised to never again do that move. A few days later it was confirmed Chuck Norris occasionally lies.
The atomic bomb was created by splitting Chuck Norris's sperm.  When testing the weapon it was heard that everyone East of the Rockies became pregnant.  
The atomic bomb was filled with Chuck Norris' sperm .<br />
The average humans sperm has a 1 in a 100 chance of becoming a human, Chuck Norris' sperm has a 1/10  of being wanted for murder in over 4 states and having sex with your mother.
The average life expectancy for a paratrooper in Vietnam was 17 seconds. The average life expectancy after calling Chuck Norris "Chucky" to his face is -7 seconds.
The avian flu originally started with Chuck Norris. Why the name change? Scientist figured that people would be less terrified with something called the "bird flu".
The beard of Chuck Norris is made from wood, gold and sesame.
The beard of Chuck Norris is made of razor wire, painted with ox blood, and held together by the souls of mortals he has defeated.
The Beatles claimed they were bigger than Jesus... But not Chuck Norris.<br />
The Beatles song Norwegian Wood is in fact about Chuck Norris' penis.
The Beatles were the result of Chuck Norris' 4th grade science project.
The bermuda triangle is in reality where Chuck Norris, Mr. T, and Vin Diesel are engaged in a collosal game of hungry hungry hippos.
The Bermuda Triangle was once in the shape of a square, but Chuck Norris kicked one of the corners off it.
The best offense is Chuck Norris.
The best part of waking up is not Folgers in your cup, but knowing that Chuck Norris didn't kill you in your sleep.
The Bhagavad Gita originally included, "I am become Chuck Norris" but scholars changed it to "I am become death, destroyer of worlds" because Eastern religion is supposed to be peaceful.
The Bible got it wrong. God made Chuck Norris in his own image, not Man.
The bible refers to the Holy Trinity. Christianity wants you to believe it is the Father, Son and Holy Spirit. However the true Holy trinity is Chuck Norris' beard, his left leg, and his right leg.
The Bible says Samson killed 15,000 Philistines with the jawbone of an ass. When God asked Chuck Norris what he thought about that, he said, "That's one way to do it." God laughed at Chuck's wisdom, and said, "I knew you were going to say that."      
The big bad wolf did not blow down the house of straw and sticks, they merely fell down in fear as Chuck Norris walked by
The Big Bad Wolf only destroyed two of the Three Little Piggies' houses. Chuck Norris donkey punched the wolf, then proceeded to annihilate the brick structure with a roundhouse kick to the facade.
The Big Bang did not happen, Chuck Norris did.
The Big Bang never happened; it was just Chuck Norris sneezing.
The Big Bang produced an explosion with so much energy it is difficult to quantify. For a better understanding, scientists named a formula known as Chuck Norris. One Chuck Norris roundhouse kick is roughly equal to 100 trillion mega-tons. Scientists believe the energy emitted from the Big Bang equals 17 Chuck Norris roundhouse kicks. This explains why there were 16 roundhouse kicks in Delta Force.
The Big Bang was a result of Chuck Norris learning how to effectively use the roundhouse kick.
The Big Bang was Chuck Norris' first orgasm.  
The bigger they are, the harder they fall.  Unless of course they are being roundhouse kicked by Chuck Norris; in which case, they simply explode.
The biggest mistake Clint Eastwood ever made is when he told Chuck Norris to make his day.
The "Black-Eyed Peas" were simply known as "The Peas" until they crossed Chuck Norris.
The black plague was the result of Chuck Norris sneezing on Europe.
The black widow spider is one of the most poisonous spiders in the world. But Chuck Norris doesn't give a shit. He pops 'em like candy.
The blood of Chuck Norris is the secret ingredient that makes Coca-Cola so darn tasty.
The Bob Dylan song "Everything Is Broken" was inspired by an encounter the artist had with Chuck Norris.
The bodies of people kicked by Chuck Norris are always found a few inches wider. By combining this fact with the Einstein's theory of relativity, we can tell that for a few seconds that kick almost made them reach the speed of light.
The book "How to Eat Fried Worms" was a highly-edited version of Chuck Norris' original "How to Decapitate Foreign Delegations".
The book of revelations actually predicts what should happen if Chuck Norris ever drops acid.
The Book of Revelations was actually written by Chuck Norris in a moment of prophecy.
The book of revelations was wrote after Chuck Norris pissed in the snow!
The book of the bible "Revelation" is really what will happen should we anger Chuck Norris.
The "Brillo Pad" is actually made of the extra clippings from Chuck Norris' taint.
The British drive on the left side of the road, because Chuck Norris drives on the right.
The Bubonic Plague was Chuck Norris's way of saying "I hate England."
The Buffalo Bills of the early 90s didn't lose four consecutive Super Bowls due to bad luck or lack of talent. It's just that when Chuck Norris bets against you, even 65 300lb. men don't stand a chance.
The Bushwackers are missing their teeth because one day, back in the 80's, Chuck Norris was sitting ringside at a WWF event and they came down the aisle and licked Chuck's face.
The cape that Superman wears is woven from the pubic hair of Chuck Norris, which is why no matter what happens to Superman, the cape remains in perfect condition.
The cell phone was first used by Chuck Norris in the Middle Ages to call Jesus.
The chaos theory suggests the airflow caused by the wings of a butterfly could actually cause a hurricane on the far side of the world. Every breath Chuck Norris takes is a disaster.
The character of Johnny Appleseed was based on Chuck Norris except for the part about planting apple trees and not raping men.
The character Superman is loosely based on Chuck Norris. Loosely only because Superman has a weakness.
The chemical properties of Chuck Norris' blood are unknown, because it destroys whatever is used to test it.
The Chernobyl incident of 1986 was not actually caused by the reactor's flawed design, but rather the duce Chuck Norris dropped in the reactor's public rest room after a late night of sex and hot sauce chugging.
The chief export of Chuck Norris is pain.
The Chinese had two ideas to keep the Mongols out. Sadly, Chuck Norris works for no man so they had to settle on the Great Wall.
The Chinese ideogram for "Chuck Norris" depicts the heaven above growing a beard.
The "Chuck" in Chuck Norris is not short for Charles, it's short for Chuck Norris.
The Chuck Norris action figure is responsible for eighty-four percent of all cases of Sudden Infant Death Syndrome.
The Chuck Norris diet consists of nails, drug dealers and children. 
The Chuck Norris dollar buys 3 Canadian dollars, and trades at parity with the euro.
The Chuck Norris total Gym is actually designed to act as a religious relic where mere mortals can pray and strive to be more like the one true God Chuck Norris.
The Chuck Norris who was seen on the Best Damn Sports Show Ever was not the real Chuck Norris.  He was an actor hired to fill the slot because the real Chuck Norris was busy having sex with the women of northern Mongolia.  The actor, who's name will not be released, was killed earlier this week in what has been termed a "roundhouse kicking incident".  Chuck doesn't like people impersonating him.
The city of Atlantis was lost after Chuck Norris developed ADD and become bored holding it up.
The Civil War ended when Chuck Norris said "stop."
The Civil War was stopped by Chuck Norris.  Thats why so many people died. 
The clause "...or caused by Chuck Norris" is being added to insurance policies worldwide as a reason to deny claims based on damage caused by an act of nature.
The clock on Chuck Norris' VCR sets itself for fear of retaliation. 
The closest Chuck Norris comes to repeating himself is killing twins.
The CN Tower in Toronto is modeled after Chuck Norris' penis.  In fact, it is his penis.
The CN Tower is actually a life-sized replica of Chuck Norris' erections. Hence the CN.
The combinination of the elements protactinium and indium actually reveals Chuck Norris' real middle name: PaIn.
The commercial says that after taking Viagra, if you have an erection lasting longer than four hours, you should see a doctor. Chuck Norris was too embarassed to go to the doctor, so he instead roundhouse kicked his own penis off and it became what is now known as Pikes Peak.
The continent of Atlantis is not lost. It's just hiding from Chuck Norris.
The "C-section" is named after Chuck Norris, for when he roundhouse kicked himself through his mothers stomach.
The Cuban Missile Crisis ended when President Kennedy threatened to use Chuck Norris.
The Danish cartoonist who drew a caricature of Mohammad drew one of Chuck Norris for a local newspaper. Denmark has now joined Atlantis at the bottom of the sea.
The Da Vinci Code is really a true tale about Chuck Norris impregnating Mary Magdalene, who gave birth to a child that ripped Jesus' face clean off.
The day Chuck Norris sleeps with your wife is the happiest day of your life.
The day Dick Cheney allegedly shot that man in the face, there was another hunter present, one not identified by the press. It was Chuck Norris, and he was the one who actually shot that man. Dick Cheney merely took the rap out of fear and loyalty.
The Dead Sea Scroll is locked up in the Vatican's vault for fear that people will find out that it was Chuck Norris who divide the Red Sea and not Moses.
The Death Star from Star Wars was an exact working replica of Chuck Norris' left testicle.
The Death Star in Star Wars is actually just a close up of Chuck Norris's left testicle. The right one was used as a stunt double.
The Death Star was just a replica of one of Chuck Norris' balls.  
The dictionary is actually a list of all the words you need to use when describing Chuck Norris.
The difference between Chuck Norris and God is Chuck Norris does not think he's God.
The dinosaurs died out millions of years ago. The reason? Chuck Norris invented a time machine ten years ago.
The dinosaurs were not killed by a comet. Chuck Norris destroyed it before impact. He then yelled "psyche!" and proceeded to kill every dinosaur his bare hands.
The disciples were mistaken when they saw Jesus walking on water. It was really Chuck Norris taking his morning run across the lake.
The Discovery Channel show MythBusters dedicated an episode towards finding out if these Chuck Norris facts were true.  Chuck left one member of the crew alive only to kill him seconds later with soda and pop rocks.
The dodo bird got it's name when it attempted to cross Chuck Norris. That is also how it became extinct.
The drummer of Def Leppard only has one arm because Chuck Norris did not eat the other one too.
The earth did not start spinning until Chuck Norris gave it a roundhouse kick.
The Earth spins because Chuck Norris uses it as a treadmill.
The Earth spins because Chuck Norris walks on it. The force from his footsteps are enough to rotate the Earth on its axis.
The Easter Bunny used to be real until Chuck Norris tore its legs off and shoved it down a well in northern Scotland. Chuck Norris' only explanation was that the Easter bunny once sold him some bad weed.
The Eiffel tower still stands now in Paris only because Chuck has never been to Paris to roundhouse kick it down.  He said he'd put up with it still standing as long as he didn't have to go to France, ever.
The Eiffel Tower was originally built by Chuck Norris out of the scrap metal in his back yard, as a monument to his manhood. When he got 12, he decided the monument didn't quite live up to what it was supposed to represent, and did the only appropriate thing. He gave it to the French.
The Eighth Amendment (no cruel and unusual punishment) was created specifically because of Chuck Norris. This effort was in vain, however, since Chuck Norris is the supreme law of the land.
The Energizer Bunny is actually Chuck Norris in a bunny suit.
The evolution theory states that everything evolved from one living being. Chuck Norris is that living being.
The explanation of thunder is a cover-up. Only few know that this is the sound made when Chuck Norris is practicing snap kicks. Lightning is a result of his speed causing him to travel back into time.
The ex-porn star Savannah tried to deep throat Chuck Norris.  Savannah is now dead.
The eyes of the Ranger are, in fact, upon you. Right now.
The failing economy didn't end communism in Soviet Russia, Chuck Norris did.
The fall of the Berlin Wall, German reunification, and collapse of the Soviet Union were the result of the first and last "working holiday" for Chuck Norris.
The famous Dr. Marten Steel-Toed Boot was a vain effort to duplicate Chuck Norris' foot.
The famous video footage of Sasquatch is actually Chuck Norris returning to his woodland home after a night of binge drinking and unprotected sex.
The Fantastic 4 was originally The Fantastic 5 until Chuck Norris was kicked out for raping the Invisible Woman.
The Fantastic Four is also the name for Chuck’s reproductive organs.<br />
The "Fantastic Four" is a nick name for Chuck Norris and his package.
The fatalities in Mortal Kombat are actually recreations of eyewitness accounts of Chuck Norris going ape shit during a traffic jam.
The FBI has opened an investigation on Chuck Norris in regards to the coincidences of missing persons who have also returned their Total Gym... that and the fact that Norris also has a room in his home filled with the bodies of said persons.
The fences at the zoo are to keep the animals safe from Chuck Norris.
The fight scene between Chuck Norris and Bruce Lee near the end of "Return of the Dragon" required 58 takes because Chuck Norris kept accidentally beating Bruce Lee. Finally after shooting the scene 57 times, a stunt double had to be brought in to replace Chuck Norris. This stunt double was, of course, a young Vin Diesel.
The fight scenes in movies Chuck Norris is in are fake, but the people he fights get severely hurt anyways.
The film Delta Force was not fiction, but actually a home movie of Chuck Norris' summer vacation.
The film "Predator" is based on Chuck Norris' experiences as a toddler.
The final fight scene in The Way of the Dragon was not choreographed. Instead, Chuck Norris and Bruce Lee fought it out for real, culminating in Lee breaking Norris' neck.<br />
The Finger Lakes didn't result from glacial ice retreat. Chuck Norris was writing his name with his piss.
The first act of bribery occurred when the Romans tried to pay Chuck Norris to wipe out the Carthaginians for them. Since Chuck Norris is an vehement opponent of corruption, he annihilated them both.
The first animal to eat its own young was Chuck Norris.
The first heavier-than-air vehicle to break the sound barrier was actually a paper airplane made and thrown by Chuck Norris.
The first human was not Adam, it was Chuck Norris. The only reason God created Eve was because Chuck Norris needed someone to roundhouse kick and make babies with.
The first lunar eclipse took place after Chuck Norris challenged the sun to a staring contest. Chuck Norris always wins. 
The first man on the moon was actually Chuck Norris.  He did this in 1955.  When those other two losers got up there, he roundhouse kicked them to Mars and took their space pod.  But he didn't go home; he went to Venus to pick up sluts.
The first rule of Chuck Norris is, you do not talk about Chuck Norris.
The first time Chuck Norris ever played Counter Strike, he no-scope headshoted a terrorist through the walls from across the map on CS_Dust 2... with a knife.
The first true moon landing occurred when Chuck Norris entered a long jump competition.
The follicles in Chuck Norris's beard contain the active ingredient for defeating bad breath, ring-around-the-collar, and male pattern baldness. Rumour has it you can get some on the black market from a man covered in kung-fu-related bruising. A two-ounce bag costs enough to fund a small Latin American dictatorship for three months, and don't think for a second that this isn't really going on.
The force and volume of the typical Chuck Norris ejaculation has been observed to pierce the female uterus, kevlar body armor and Brawny paper towels. 
The force behind one of Chuck Norris’ sneezes creates an electrical field equal to 1.21 Jigawatts.
"The Force" used in Star Wars movies was actually a replica of Chuck Norris' 3rd grade science project.
The Ford Motor Company is recently changing the standard Horse Power in favor of Chuck Norris Roundhouse Kicks. So a supercharged Mustang, instead of having 360 horsepower, has .14 Chuck Norris Roundhouse kicks.
The founders of Pepsico once watched Chuck Norris lift Mt. Everest and squeeze it until liquid leaked out. They have since tried to duplicate this but have only resulted in the pale imitation known as Mountain Dew.
The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse are Pestilence, Famine, War and Death. Good thing Chuck Norris doesn't ride horses.
The French surrender to Chuck Norris every day at 2pm.
The fruit-destruction-based comedian Gallager based his watermelon-smathing act on the hilarity ensuing after Chuck Norris entered the Fragile Headed People's Fundraising Dinner.
The game Halo is actually based on Chuck Norris' real life. However, the game designers decided to put a helmet on the main charcter so that heads wouldn't explode at the sight of Chuck Norris in space.
The gas prices do not effect Chuck Norris in any way, his car runs on pride.
The girl in "The Ring" wasn't trying to hurt anyone; she was just running away from Chuck Norris.
The government called upon Chuck Norris to destroy an asteroid the size of Texas. Chuck Norris rode on top of rocket with nothing but a fork and a cherry bomb. Needless to say the asteroid lost.
The Grand Canyon is the remnant of when Chuck Norris had sex with the Earth. Their child is the Moon.
The Grand Canyon is the result of Chuck Norris' temper tantrum after he lost the election. His platform was, "I'm against abortion, but for killing babies."
The grass is always greener on the other side, unless Chuck Norris has been there. In that case the grass is most likely soaked in blood and tears.
The grass is always greener on the other side, unless Chuck Norris has been there. In that case, the grass is soaked in blood.
The grass is always redder on Chuck Norris' side of the street.
The gravitational force of Chuck Norris' massive testicles is the actual cause of ocean tides.
The great Chicago fire of 1871 was not in fact started by Mrs. O'Leary's cow.  The fire was started by Chuck Norris when he discovered that deep dish pizza had not yet been invented.
The Great Depression began in 1929, when Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked the stock market over after the value of beard trimmers fell.
The greatest trick the devil ever pulled was convincing the world that Chuck Norris was just an actor.
The Great Wall of China is one of the few things on earth that can be seen from space because of its sheer size. Chuck Norris' dick can actually be touched from space because it's just that much bigger.
The Great Wall of China was built in 200 BC. The current population of China is 1.31 billion people. Conclusion: nothing can stop Chuck Norris from getting laid.
The Great Wall of China was in fact created to keep Chuck Norris from invading, not the Mongols.
The Great Wall of China was modeled after Chuck Norris' pectoral muscles. This would explain the large amount of dead Asians buried within the wall.
The Greek pronunciation of Chuck Norris is Zeus.
The Greeks only put one man in the legendary Trojan Horse. You know who he was... and he knows you know.
The hairs from Chuck Norris' beard, if shaved, would be enough to replenish all the trees lost due to industrialization. However that would require Chuck Norris to shave, and there's some things in this world which are better left undone.
The hairs on Chuck Norris' chest have been scientifically shown to be as dense as steel cables. He has to pick bones out of them daily: the human kind.
The hammer was crafted after Chuck Norris' fist.
The heavens parted, the seas quieted, the earth stood still. From her womb, the goddess brought forth Chuck Norris, sired by the sun, as a gift to mankind. He layed upon the fertile soil under the crescent moon and immediately sprouted a beard. She spoke softly to the young child and said, "Go forth and roundhouse kick people in the face." So it was spoken, and so he does. Every now and then he also sells exercise equipment and wears awesome clothes.
The helicopter was invented after Chuck Norris was filmed doing 8 spin kicks a second. He prefers gardening to kicking however.
The Hemi engine was designed to mimic Chuck Norris's penis.
The highest degree of Masonry is Chuck Norris.
The hit Fox show “Man vs. Beast” was abruptly canceled after Chuck Norris beat a giraffe in a race, wrestled a bear to death, out-swam a dolphin, and roundhouse kicked the entire film crew in the face for the pitiful challenges they presented to him.
The hit television show "Lost" takes place in Chuck Norris' back yard.
The hook was invented when a doctor tried to give Chuck Norris a shot.
The Houston Sperm Bank applied for a loan from Chuck Norris. They were denied due to bad credit. Nonetheless, every woman in Houston is carrying one of Chuck Norris' children.
The hulk only changes back to Bruce Banner because he wants to hide from Chuck Norris.
The Ice Age is contributed to Chuck Norris, that was the date of his last erection which blocked the sun's rays for 47 years.
The idea for "The Incredible Hulk" came about when Stan Lee witnessed Chuck Norris trying to solve a rubix cube.  Chuck spun each side twice, and when the puzzle wasn't solved, he threw a subway car full of people into a Subway restaurant full of people.
The idea for the show "24" is actually stolen from a drawing Chuck Norris made when he was drunk.
The idea for the submarine first came about durring the Civil War, when a model of Chuck Norris' penis was found. Unfortunatly, Confederate scientists were unable to duplicate the length or girth.
The immense force of a Chuck Norris Roundhouse Kick is beyond comprehension, and in fact is responsible for the tropical weather phenomenon we call a "hurricane".
"The Incredible Hulk" is the nick name for Chuck Norris's package.
The infomercial for the Total Gym was originally intended to be an episode of MTV cribs.
The internet is actually just a glimpse into Chuck Norris' mind.
The Internet slang "hax" came about because Chuck Norris, while playing Counter-Strike, found a way to use his bare hands as weapons. He ended the game with a score of 57-1 (the only death was due to a teamkill).
The itsy bitsy spider went up the water spout.<br />
The Jamestown colony was a thriving place up until the time someone made fun of Chuck Norris' Wranglers. 
The Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor was actually an attempt on the life of Chuck Norris. This so enraged him that he started a secret club, called it the Manhattan Project, and built an atomic bomb. Though poised to attack on Dec. 8th, 1941 he decided to make the Japs "sweat it out for a bit." By 1945, he'd had enough and decimated the cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaki with his new creation.
The Jihadists are pissed because they can no longer tell their recruits to expect 73 virgins in heaven. The best they can do now is 73 women who have already had sex with Chuck Norris.
The king of Atlantis thought he could weaken Chuck Norris by shaving off his beard, but it turns out it's actually a restraint mechanism. I think you know how it turned out.
The kung-fu grip on a Chuck Norris action figure can crush a GI Joe's skull before round house kicking him through a concrete wall.
The ladder to success is a bunch of bullshit, because Chuck Norris is waiting on the top rung.
The LA riots where not caused by the Rodney King verdict, they were actually started when Chuck Norris let the "N" word slip after a waiter accidentally put cucumber in his salad.
The last child who dressed up as Chuck Norris for Halloween came home with three dozen 5-course gourmet meals, a 200 foot square block of the purest gold and four human sacrifices.
The last digit of pi is Chuck Norris. He is the end of all things.
The last game of "Bloody Knuckles" that Chuck Norris played made Sonic and Tails so distraught that Sega had to stop producing hardware and shifted focus solely on software. 
The Last person to ask Chuck Norris what the best show on CBS was got a spur through the cornea and ate horseshit for seven years.
The last person to challenge Chuck Norris to a hand-to-hand combat later became to founder of War-Amps.
The last person who said "no" to Chuck Norris is now a corpse.
The last stage of a star isn't a black hole. It is Chuck Norris.
The last thing anyone remembers about Chuck Norris is a roundhouse kick to the face.
The last time Chuck Norris forgot to pull out during sex, he blew out the back of his girlfriend's head.
The last time Chuck Norris had a cold was the ice age.
The last time Chuck Norris played Monopoly, he went home with the deed to his mother's house in his sock.
The last time Chuck Norris punched someone instead of round house kicking them, Walker Texas Ranger was canceled.
The last time Chuck Norris slept is now known as the Ice Age.
The last verse in the Old Testament of the Bible is "lest, i now must smite the world with a curse." The day this happened a small bearded baby boy entered the world, his name was Chuck Norris.
The last words Gandhi ever heared were, "Take a dirt-nap, asshole." Who uttered these immortal lines? As if you have to ask.
The lead role for The Pacifier was chosen all depending on a game of Counter-Strike between Vin Diesel and Chuck Norris. Vin Diesel won the game, but only because he was camping. In an angered state of rage, Chuck Norris notified God and got Vin Diesel banned from Earth. That took him down a peg.
The Leaning Tower of Pisa is a 1:3 scale model of Chuck Norris' flacid penis.
The Leaning Tower of Pisa was the result of a light Chuck Norris roundhouse kick that actually took place in Poland.
The leftovers on your plate when you don't finish a meal may be enough to feed ten starving children in India. However, ten starving children in India are not enough to feed Chuck Norris.
The legend of werewolves comes from an occasion when a drunk naked Chuck ran amok in Utah and ate every living thing there. The howl that witnesses heard was actually the last cry of John Stockton and Karl Malone as Chuck devoured them both at the same time.
The letters in Chuck Norris' name can be rearranged to spell doom in twelve different languages, including Esperanto, but not French.
The Lincoln-Douglas debater were the greatest in American history. The winner of all 7 of these historic debates was Chuck Norris because if an individual took more than 10 seconds, to ask a question, Chuck Norris killed them.
The line in Star Wars, "May the force be with you.", was originally "May Chuck Norris be with you.", but Chuck Norris threatened to sue.
The Little Engine That Could couldn't until Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked it up the hill.
The Loch Ness Monster is actually the love child of Godzilla and Chuck Norris.
The Lock Ness monster is only seen when it is looking out for Chuck Norris.
The Louvre gave Chuck Norris the Mona Lisa as part of his free fun pack.
The love for Jesus lost most of its importance after Chuck Norris was born.
The love of money is the root of all evil. If you pay Chuck Norris a dollar, he'll eat evil on a stick. Screw evil.
The Manhattan Project was actually a government project to convert the amount of energy exerted by a light roundhouse-kick from Chuck Norris into a more "conventional" weapon. It wasn't until the Cold War that the government upgraded the exertion to medium in the form of a hydrogen bomb to compete with the Soviets.
The "Man in the Moon" is actually an imprint of Chuck Norris' face from when he head-butted a mountain into space. The cause for the head-butt was because the mountain was trying to be bigger than Chuck Norris.
The Master Sword and Silver Arrows--even in conjunction--merely tickle Chuck Norris.
The mathematical proof "For every number x, there is x+1" does not apply to Chuck Norris. Chuck Norris cannot be recreated, reproduced, cloned, or otherwise duplicated in any way, shape, or form.
The McRib sandwich only comes back when Chuck Norris is in the mood for one.
The medical procedure known as a "C Section" was invented after Chuck Norris's mother ate sweettarts, or "faggot food" as he calls it, while preganant with him.
The melody of Led Zepplin's "Stairway to Heaven" is actually a loose cover the song Chuck Norris sings before he feeds on the flesh of the innocent. Jimmie Paige learned it while Norris endowed Zepplin's guitarist with his knowledge of the instrument.
The meteor that supposedly killed the dinosaurs was just Chuck Norris being formed from awesome molecules, resulting in a second big bang.
The middle East raised gas prices because Walker Texas Ranger does not play in the middle East.
The milkshake doesn't bring Chuck Norris to the yard.
The moment Chuck Norris came out of his mothers' womb he roundhouse kicked the hell out of the nurse, then raped her to death.
The monster on Lost is really Chuck Norris.
The Moon doesn't revolve around the Earth. It revolves around Chuck Norris.
The most difficult fight of Chuck Norris' storied career pitted his left testicle against a buffalo in a cage match. Chuck was born right-testicled, but he spent countless hours training to make himself ambitesticled so as not to have a weakness in battle. Despite that, the toughest part of the match was that the rules stipulated that Chuck was not allowed to actually enter the cage. Chuck was forced to stand outside and push his testicle through the bars. 14 hours into the fight, Chuck's testicle landed a roundhouse kick that put the buffalo into a coma. Chuck vowed then and there never to fight with his testicle again.
The most effective form of suicide known to man is to type "Chuck Norris" into Google and hit "I'm Feeling Lucky!".
The most honorable way of dying is taking a bullet for Chuck Norris. This amuses Chuck Norris because he is bulletproof.
The most popular search on the Internet is "Paris Hilton Nude", but Paris Hilton's most popular search on the Internet is "Chuck Norris Nude".
The most powerful Yu-Gi-Oh! card is the Chuck Norris Card. Once brought into play, all other cards spontaneously burst into flames. Chuck Norris will then jump out of the card and roundhouse kick you and everyone else for playing such a gay game. 
The most sold item on Ebay this past Christmas was the "Get Out of a Chuck Norris Roundhouse for Free" Card.
The movie Anaconda was filmed in Chuck Norris' pants.
The movie "Battle Royal" is based on picnics Chuck Norris went to in fourth grade
The movie Brokeback Mountian took nine years to film because they could only shoot while Chuck Norris was out of the country.
The movie "Children of Men" came about because Chuck Norris ate the entire world supply of fetuses.
The movie "Face-Off" is loosely based on Chuck Norris. It only loosely based because Chuck does not use doctors. He just rips faces off people and uses them as his own. It is likely if you saw someone do something bad-ass it was not them, but Chuck Norris wearing their face.
The movie "King Kong" is actually about Chuck Norris, but the director felt that a 30 foot silverback gorilla was the only actor that could accurately portray Chuck.
The movie King Kong is loosely based on an incident where Chuck Norris' beard killed a 900ft Gorilla and had sex with the Coor's Light twins on the top of the Empire State Building.
The movie "Missing in Action" is actually about the Vietnam soldiers that were dumb enough to try and stop Chuck Norris.
The movie "Predator" is based on a game of paintball Arnold Schwarzenegger and some friends challenged Chuck Norris to. Like the movie, Arnold was the only survivor.
The movie Rambo: First Blood was inspired by Chuck Norris' experience as a boy scout.
The movie "Sin City" is loosely based on the events of Chucks 21st birthday party.
The movie "Sum of all Fears" is based off the time Chuck Norris could not find his car keys.
The movie "Unbreakable" was originally about Chuck Norris' high score in Tetris.
The Movie "Unbreakable" was originally about Chuck Norris' Tetris Hi-Score.
The Mushrooms Super Mario eats to grow larger are actually growths off Chuck Norris' back.
The mysterious disappearance of Richie's brother on Happy Days can be attributed to Chuck Norris. On TV there is only room for one Chuck.
The "Mythbusters" once tested to see if Chuck Norris' beard was actaully indestructable. The only thing busted that day were the mythbuster's heads after repeated roundhouse kicks.
The Mythbusters tried to investigate the plausibility of Chuck Norris' awesome movie stunts.  Not only was every stunt confirmed and full of awesome, it was discovered they aren't actually stunts at all, the movies are actually documentaries of Chuck's life.
The myth of Santa Claus was based around the early exploits of Chuck Norris. He traveled the world delivering roundhouse kicks to all children of the world while they were asleep in their beds. The part about being bad or good was added so children could sleep at night, Chuck Norris could care less about that.
The name Chuck Norris translates to perfection in twenty different languages.
The name for the popular drink Hawaiian Punch derives from the fact that Chuck Norris regularly punches Hawaiians. He doesn't want anymore freakin leis.
The name of the sport boxing originated when Chuck Norris used to send his opponents home in coffins.
The nation mourned the death of the Trix Rabbit today. He was found orbiting the moon with his ears tied around his legs and a cowboy boot mark on his fluffy tail. Silly rabbit, no one touches Chuck Norris' Trix.
The Native North American Woodchuck got its name for it's striking resemblance to a Chuck Norris erection.
The new death penalty in Texas is to wake Chuck Norris up from a nap. 
The newest episode of Fear Factor involved a staring contest with Chuck Norris. The episode was thrown out due to lawsuits including the contestants turning into stone.
The new iPhone is full of great features. If you press a certain combination of icons, Chuck Norris will stuff the iPhone down your throat and your ass will become the speaker.
The new television series "CSI: Chuck Norris" features Chuck as a coroner that extracts organs out of live people in search of clues.
The night before they opened Al Capone's vault, Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked it open and took all the money.
The Nile flows north because Chuck Norris told it to.
The Nintendo Power Glove was accidentally invented when NASA tried to recreate the force of Chuck Norris' fist.
The Northern Lights consist of a collection of gases produced from the sky shitting itself when Chuck Norris stares at it.
The North won the Civil War with its secret weapon, Chuck Norris. Chuck Norris beat Robert E. Lee into submission for having a beard comparable to his. The beating was so severe though that it has been omitted from every history textbook.
The novel "Why Peter Pan Hates Mexicans" is based on the childhood of Chuck Norris.
The nuclear explosion at the end of "Predator" is not special effects. It is stock footage of Chuck Norris farting during a nature hike in the rainforest after eating a bad burritto.
The Numa Numa dance guy is forever in hiding, for Chuck Norris hates all who lipsync a foreign song. Chuck Norris also hates who believe that pink is the new black.
The number of toothless people in trailer parks isn't evidence of poor dentistry. It's further evidence that Chuck Norris just doesn't have much use for people in trailer parks.
The one dollar bill originally had Chuck Norris on it, but the beard kept getting caught in vending machines.
The only acceptable answer to the question "Who's your daddy?" is Chuck Norris.
The only child ever to survive a roundhouse kick by Chuck Norris was Gary Colman. He has not grown since.
The only cure for AIDS is a RHK to the face from Chuck Norris. There is a higher survival rate for AIDS.
The only difference between Chuck Norris and Superman is that Chuck Norris eats graded Kryptonite on his salad and pasta at The Olive Garden.
The only gold medal Chuck Norris hasn't won at the Olympics is in gymnastics because that is for fags.
The only guaranteed thing in life is death. The only guaranteed thing in death is Chuck Norris.
The only license Chuck Norris has is his license to kill.
The only line Chuck Norris stands in is the line of fire.
The only man to survive a Chuck Norris roundhouse kick to the chin is Jay Leno, but as you can see, the swelling has still yet to go down.
The only match for Chuck Norris is the one he burns you with.
The only one who can defeat Chuck Norris is God, but will not do so in fear of His life.
The only person ever to beat Chuck Norris in a arm wrestling match was God. Although we all know Chuck let him win.
The only person that can kill Chuck Norris is Chuck Norris. He is waiting until he runs out of other people to kill.
The only person to ever beat Chuck Norris in a game of Rock-Paper-Scissors was a mexican astronaut that went by the alias "Edguardo the Magnificent".
The only person to have ever survived one of Chuck Norris' roundhouse kicks was bound to a wheel chair, we all know him as Christopher Reeves. The shock killed him several years later.
The only reason Chuck Norris didn't win an Oscar for his performance in "Sidekicks" is because nobody in their right mind would willingly give Chuck Norris a blunt metal object. That's just suicide.
The only reason Chuck Norris passed kindergarten was because he was banging the teacher.
The only reason Chuck Norris wears clothes is so he can get through the day without being mobbed by thousands of rabid men and women trying to have sex with him.
The only reason crumbs fall into Chuck Norris' beard is because it needs to eat too.
The only reason it is not called "The CBS Evening News with Chuck Norris" is that Dan Rather once pulled a thorn out of Chuck's paw.
The only reason Rice Crispy cereal snaps, crackles, and pops, is because a mini Chuck Norris is in the cereal bowl, snapping the rice's neck, cracking their ribs, and popping their knee caps.
The only reason sperm whales are named as they are is because Chuck Norris named them that when he dicovered they were the only animals that could deep throat him.
The only reason the Energizer Bunny keeps going and going is because it knows Chuck Norris is after it.
The only reason the US withdrew from the Vietnam War was because Chuck Norris got tired of killing gooks.
The only reason why Chuck Norris grows a beard is because he is trying to compete with Bruce Campbell's chin, which can break diamonds.
The only reason World War II occured was because Chuck Norris was taking a nap.
The only "sensitive side" Chuck Norris has is his indefinite love for dealing out Pain and Death to punk-asses and/or, but not limited to, emo kids, infant children, and elderly people. All other sides of Chuck Norris are "extremely fatal".
The only thing Chuck Norris ever lost was his virginity
The only thing hairier than Chuck Norris's beard are his balls.  
The only thing more dangerous than shark wrestling or mooning in a gay bar is shaking Chuck Norris' hand.
The only thing stronger than kevlar are vests woven out of Chuck Norris' chest hair.
The only thing that can cut adamantium is Chuck Norris.
The only thing that ever gave orders to Tony Montana was balls, and Chuck Norris.
The only thing that gets between Chuck Norris and justice is an equal sign.
The only thing that is more of a threat to your vision than staring directly at a solar eclipse is making eye contact with Chuck Norris.
The only thing that keeps Chuck Norris going is the fact that somewhere, someone is watching Delta Force 2.
The only thing we have to fear is fear itself... The only thing fear has to fear is Chuck Norris.
The only thing you can add to bucket of water to make it lighter is holes. A swift roundhouse kick from Chuck Norris works as well.
The only time anyone has ever survived insulting Chuck Norris was when his mother called him a son of a bitch.
The only time Chuck Norris ever cried was when Liu Kang died. Chuck later decided Liu was a pussy for dying and chewed his copy of Mortal Kombat: Deadly Alliance in half.
The only time Chuck Norris fucked up, was when he thought he fucked up.
The only time Chuck Norris had his heart broken was when he found out his wife was really just a blow-up doll.
The only time Chuck Norris was confused was after watching the Stephen Seagal movie "Nico". Still to this day, he cannot figure out, why a rival action hero chooses to run like a schoolgirl with wet knickers.
The only time Chuck Norris was wrong was when he thought he had made a mistake.
The only time Mexicans can sneak across the border into the U.S. is when Chuck Norris isn't in Texas.
The only way Chuck Norris can reach climax is if there's a vietnamese family begging for their lives nearby.
The only way to cheat death is to be friends with Chuck Norris.
The only weaknesses of Superman are kryptonite and Chuck Norris.
The only weapons found on Chuck Norris' gun rack are prosthetic limbs.
The only word in the English language that rhymes with "orange" is "Chuck Norris".
The opening scene from "Saving Private Ryan" is actually Chuck Norris playing dodgeball in elementary school.
The opposite of peace isn't war; it's Chuck Norris.
The opposite sides of Chuck Norris always add up to seven.
The original A-bomb dropped on Hiroshima was nothing more than a Ziplock bag filled with Chuck Norris' highly potent seed.
The original Beatles were John, Paul, George, and Chuck Norris, whose instrument was a North Vietnamese soldier's rib cage, which he played with the femurs of a Colombian drug lord.
The original cast of Street Fighter 2 are all children of Chuck Norris.
The original "Chuck Taylor All Stars" shoe from Converse was originally named the "Chuck Norris All Stars," but Norris had the name changed when Converse refused to make their slogan "Run faster, Jump higher, Roundhouse harder."
The original concept for the show "Survivor" was to put three contestants in a room with Chuck Norris and the last one living won the prize. When they began filming, Chuck Norris killed all three contestants with one roundhouse kick.
The original concept of "Snakes on a Plane" was actually "Chuck Norris on a Plane." However, there was in fact one snake on the plane: his enormous trouser-snake. After contract talks fell through, the producers could find only one other man on the planet that had even one iota of the bad-assness needed to replace Chuck Norris; this man was Samuel L. Jackson.
The original design for the Total Gym included a Chuck Norris robot that would roundhouse kick the user in the face if they stopped working out.
The original draft of Jeopardy! had Alex Trebek being hunted by Chuck Norris, thus the Jeopardy.
The original ending, as suggested by Chuck Norris to George Lucas, to Return of the Jedi consisted of the Rebel Alliance finding Chuck Norris on the moon of Endor.  The Rebel Alliance realized the power they had in front of them, and begged Chuck to help them defeat the Empire's Death Star.  Chuck then jumped into space and roundhouse kicked the Death Star, which exploded in a fiery bang.  In the last scenes, Leia left Han for Chuck, Chewbacca became Chuck's life-debt servant, and Luke decided to drop Jedi training and study under Chuck.  The ending was never made because it was too awesome for George Lucas to comprehend. 
The original ending to The Watchmen involved Ozymandias summoning Chuck Norris to New York while he was about to dig into a 10lb steak. The end results were too graphic to be published, so fake aliens were used instead.
The original "Fantastic Four" consisted of Chuck Norris, Mr. T, Vin Diesel, and Bruce Lee. They broke up shortly after an argument between Chuck and Bruce concerning a bag of Cheetos, which resulted in the real cause behind Bruce Lee's death. "Fantastic Three" just didn't have the same ring to it.
The original name for the movie "Diary of a Mad Black Women" was "Diary of a Mad Chuck Norris", but the producers realized that a mad Chuck Norris meant the end of earth, and that wouldn't make a very long movie.
The original name for the popular video game "Halo" was actually "Chuck Norris Superkicks II: Alien Fuck-Up Hour".
The original opening scene to "Die Hard" began with two Jehovah's Witnesses knocking on Chuck Norris' front door.
The original Pet Rock is a passed Chuck Norris Kidney stone.
The original script for the movie Zoolander had Chuck Norris playing the role of Derek Zoolander.  When filming the "Magnum" scene, the look that Norris gave exploded the hearts of all humans in attendance. Owen Wilson was the only survivor. That's why his nose is so screwed up.
The original theme song to the Transformers was actually "Chuck Norris--more than meets the eye, Chuck Norris--robot in disguise," and starred Chuck Norris as a Texas Ranger who defended the earth from drug-dealing Decepticons and could turn into a pick-up.  This was far too much awesome for a single show, however, so it was divided.
The original title for Star Wars was Skywalker:Texas Ranger starring Chuck Norris. 
The original title for Walker, Texas Ranger was "Watch Chuck Kick Butt." The ACLU protested saying that people without butts found the title offensive, and hence, the name was changed.
The original title of the Bible was "Chuck Norris and Friends."
The pale rider used to be a mild shade of pink. Then Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked him.
The pearly gates of heaven were meant to keep Chuck Norris from beating up angels. When that failed, God sent him to earth.
The pen is mightier than the sword. Chuck Norris is mightier than the pen.
The Pentagon's proposal to develop a bomb which would turn enemy soldiers gay has been called "ridiculous" and "absurd."  However, most critics agree that a bomb to turn friendly soldiers into Chuck Norris would be "really fucking awesome."
The people Chuck Norris frags on Unreal Tournament don't respawn.
The percentage of male homosexuals tripled soon after the pilot run for "Walker Texas Ranger".  Acts of violence against male homosexuals increased sevenfold.  Chuck Norris hates to be hit on by dudes.
The photographs of the citizens of Germany tearing down the Berlin Wall were staged.  President Ronald Reagan personally asked Chuck Norris to single handedly tear down the symbol of Soviet oppression.  Chuck Norris gladly took on the task.  Chuck Norris hates communism. 
The phrase "How much wood would a wood chuck chuck if a wood chuck could chuck wood" was brought about by Chuck Norris, due to his daily exercise of lifting Giant Redwoods.
The phrase "Made by Chuck Norris" is imprinted beneath the surface of China.
The phrase "the straw that broke the camel's back" was coined when Chuck Norris broke a camel's back with a straw.
The phrase, "You are what you eat" cannot be true based on the amount of pussy Chuck Norris eats.
The phrase "You're full of baloney" came about when Chuck Norris shoved a giant bologna sausage up a victim's ass.
The pinball wizard is deaf, dumb and blind because Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked the shit out of him.
The poet John Donne once wrote that, "No man is an island." Upon hearing this, Chuck Norris went on to construct an island out of Donne's carcass just to prove that fucker wrong.
The police know who killed Tupac Shakur and Notorious B.I.G. They're afraid Chuck Norris will kill them for ratting him out.
The Pope preys to Chuck Norris
The popular measurement 'shit-ton' is relatively young, having been adopted 10 years ago in the aftermath of a White Castle eating competition between Mr T and Chuck Norris. White Castle lost.
The popular phrase "don't mess with Texas" only applies when Chuck Norris is in the state.
The praying mantis has a 31% chance of devouring her mate after sex. For Chuck Norris, that percent is 100.
The President of the United States is required to take a bullet for Chuck Norris.
The Primordial Soup, Big Bang, Evolution, and Divine Creation Theories are all fake. One day Chuck Norris got really horny thinking about himself, jerked off, and his semen then formed into living creatures. Also one day he killed all the dinosaurs off. Just because he felt like it.
The producer of "Walker Texas Ranger" once asked Chuck Norris his opinion of changing the name to "Chuck Norris Texas Ranger". Chuck then stared at the producer for a few seconds before round house kicking him in the neck, severing his head.
The producers of the movie Anaconda almost saved tons of money by using Chuck Norris' penis as the Anaconda, rather than a computer animated one.  They turned it down because they claimed "Anacondas can never grow to be that big, not even in Hollywood."
The Punisher used to hang out with Chuck Norris, back in the day, until Norris realised what a pussy the Punisher was. It was shortly after this that the Punisher started murdering criminals, but Chuck Norris still won't answer his phone calls.
The puppet wires in "Team America - World Police" were actually Chuck Norris' pubic hairs. He was acting on the set next door.
The purpose of the hit counter at the bottom of your screen is actually how many times Chuck Norris has had sex with your mother.
The pyramid in front of the Louvre Museum in Paris was originally meant to be Chuck Norris' Fortress of Solitude. He abandoned it after he proclaimed that, "Art is for French pussies."
The quickest way to a man's heart is with Chuck Norris's fist.
The raw sexual energy that Chuck Norris generates can supply enough power to run the entire town of Des Moines, Iowa.
The ray from the Death Star that blows up entire planets is really Chuck Norris urinating on a planet from outer space.
The real reason Stephen Hawking is in a Wheelchair is not because of ALS but because Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked him in the back for beating him in a spelling bee.
The real reason that Budd Dwyer killed himself was because he owed Chuck Norris 48 dollars. Chuck doesn't care how much or how little you owe him, or whether or not you can pay it back; he's still going to eat you.
The real secret to the success of Girls Gone Wild is that Chuck Norris is the camera man.
The real Slim Shady won't stand up because Chuck Norris broke his legs, spleen, pancreas, and the little ball in the back of his throat.
There are 240 white dots in a Pacman arcade game. Chuck Norris can get 243, and he uses them as projectiles against those pussy ghosts.
There are 342 parts of Chuck Norris's body that he can kill you with. Chuck Norris can kill two people simultaneously with his nipple. 
There are 3 definite facts of life: death, taxes, and severe pain caused by Chuck Norris.
There are a thousand ways to eat a Reese's, but Chuck Norris needs only one way to kill someone.
There are currently 5 viruses in population that could eradicate the worlds' population in less than a week.  They are lying low because Chuck Norris does not like competition.
There are no disabled people. Only people who have met Chuck Norris.
There are no such things as automatic doors, cruise control, air fresheners, or semi automatic guns. We simply all have a little bit of Chuck Norris in us.
There are no such things as shooting stars. The bright streaking objects you see at night are the bodies of Chuck Norris' roundhouse kick victims as they re-enter the atmosphere.
There are no such things as volcanoes, there is only Chuck Norris removing a zit.
There are no weapons of mass destruction, just Chuck Norris.
There are only two kind of peoples on earth:<br />
There are some things in the world money can't buy. For everything else, there's Chuck Norris.
There are three ways to do things. The right way, the wrong way and the Chuck Norris way. The Chuck Norris way is just the wrong way but with more roundhouse kicks.
There are two kinds of men in the world: Men who have had sex with Chuck Norris and men who want to have sex with Chuck Norris.
There are two kinds of people in this world: People who are Chuck Norris, and people who are going to die.
There are two kinds of people in this world: people who suck, and Chuck Norris.
There are two kinds of people that can die in peace: Red Sox fans and those that have survived a Chuck Norris roundhouse kick. The latter has never happened, and Chuck Norris roots for the Yankees.
There are two things on Earth visible from space; The Great Wall of China, and Chuck Norris's testicles.
There are two types of women.  Those who want to sleep with Chuck Norris, and those who want to sleep with Chuck Norris again.
The reason America is the strongest military force is due to the fact that other countries simply piss themselves when we threaten them by saying, "Chuck Norris".
The reason behind the Daylight Savings Time is because when Chuck Norris moves, he sets the Earths orbit off. We must accomodate him or he'll kick our heads off.
The reason Chuck Norris has no children because looking at his genatalia produces the same results as if you were to open the Ark of the Covenent.
The reason emo bands are so emo is because they are being persecuted by Chuck Norris. Chuck Norris hates emos.
The reason for the war between Hezbollah and Israel is not over hostages. Chuck Norris was mistaken for a man from Hezbollah because of his beard when Israeli leaders found him sleeping with their wives.
The reason for Yangtze being so yellow-watered is in fact not - as commonly is known - the yellow humus in the surrounding fields. Yangtze indeed is the result of Chuck Norris taking a piss during a break in the Korean Air-Force.
The reason men castrate themselves is because they're afraid of getting kicked in balls by Chuck Norris.
The reason newborn babies cry is because they know they have just entered a world with Chuck Norris.
The reason so many Mexicans illegally immigrate across the Texas border is so they can catch a glimpse of Chuck Norris.
The reason so many people watched Walker: Texas Ranger over the period of eight years was not because they actually enjoyed the show, but out of sheer respect for Chuck Norris.
The reason so many pro wrestlers die young is not because of drugs, alcohol, or other health problems. It is because Chuck Norris is still unaware that pro wrestling is not real, and he frequently seeks these men out to face them in combat.
The reason stand-up comedians sweat is because Chuck Norris is always in the crowd, and if he doesn't laugh, the comedian dies.
The reason Steven hawking is in a wheel chair is because he made the mistake of saying he was smarter then Chuck Norris.
The reason Stevie Wonder always smiles is because he's never heard of Chuck Norris.
The reason Sylvester Stallone can't speak English anymore is because he once told Chuck Norris he wished he could be like Chuck Norris. Chuck Norris does not approve of copycats.
The reason that they say the south is full of incest is because everyone is related to Chuck Norris.
The reason the moon has a dark side is that even it knows better than to turn its back on Chuck Norris.
The reason the oceans are salty is because Chuck Norris masturbated in it once, in 1968.
The reason The VietCong dug tunnels in Vietname was not to make suprise attacks on South Vietnamese or American soldiers, but to hide from Chuck Norris... 
The reason why Catholic priests hold mass in Latin is because they don't want everyone to know that they're really praying to Chuck Norris.
The reason why Chuck Norris hasn't been knighted yet is because no one is dumb enough to hold a sword that close to Chuck's neck.
The reason why cowboys always rode off into the sunset at the end of western movies was because Chuck Norris just rode into town.
The reason why Iraq's air force performed so poorly during the American invasion is because Chuck Norris stood on the runways and tripped departing Iraqi fighter jets.
The reason why men ejaculate so fast is so that Chuck Norris does not catch them banging his women.
The recent tsunami that devastated Indonesia was not caused by an underwater earthquake as previously believed but rather was the tragic side-effect of Chuck Norris believing the "Indian Ocean" was actually made of Indians.
The red and white pole outside barber shops originated as a monument to those barbers whose blood had been spilled after they suggested giving Chuck Norris' beard a shave.
There has been one and only one person in the history of the world to challenge Chuck Norris to a footrace. That man was a 4 time world champion track star. His name was Stephen Hawking.
There has never been a Chuck Norris movie made for 3-D, simply because simply seeing his roundhouse kick with 3-D glasses on would break your face in 48 different places, including your nuts.
There has never been a hurricane named Chuck because it would have destroyed everything.
There have been instances when Republicans have been accused of voter fraud. It was later discovered that voting machines were counting Chuck Norris' vote as 1,000.
There is a 100% chance that Chuck Norris is your father.
There is a hospital in Vietnam that has a 100% live birth rate on newborns. When the pregnant women walks into the hospital her abdomen is instantly roundhouse kicked. When the baby flys out Chuck Norris catches the newborn and nurses it to health with his breast milk.
There is a level on the Richter Scale called a "Chuck Norris." You have never heard his name used because an earthquake of that magnitude would destroy the world.
There is a line of fine print in the declaration of independence that reads, "All men are created equal with one exception. Chuck Norris is equal to 350,000 men." Thomas Jefferson had no choice but to add this line when Chuck Norris single-handedly and accidentally won the American Revolution while doing light calisthenics. He then ripped out Jefferson's throat for not writing it earlier, and replaced all the signatures on the declaration with his own.
There is a little bit of Chuck Norris in each and every one of us. Mainly due to rape.
There is a new law that is currently under Senate review. If this law is passed, it will give Chuck Norris the responsibilty of patrolling the entire U.S./Mexico border.
There is a ninety day return policy on the Total Gym, but strangely enough, only one has been returned. When Chuck Norris heard that someone had returned a Total Gym, he found where they lived, ate their clidren, raped and mutilated their wife, then he roundhouse kicked them SO hard, that they exploded. To this day, no other Total Gyms have been returned.
There is a picture of Chuck Norris next to 'Justice' in the dictionary. If your dictionary doesn't have this, Chuck Norris will kill you. 
There is a piece of Chuck Norris within all of us. Whether this is due to the fragments of his skin through roundhouse kicks or the impregnation of every female on the planet remains a mystery.
There is a secret plot to clone the greatest Hollywood action movie stars in order to create an unbeatable army. The people behind this plot only need very small samples of DNA to work with. This is why so many action stars have very short haircuts, and some even go to the extent of shaving their heads to prevent the evil fiends from getting such a sample. Chuck Norris is the only one with the balls not only to grow his hair long, but also to cultivate facial hair. When he's feeling particularly cocky, he sends his toenail clippings to the evil syndicate's headquarters with a note: "Just try it, bitches, and I'll kick your asses into next Thursday."
There is a small galaxy embedded in Chuck Norris' taint.
There is a widely believed myth that the Earth rotates on its axis. This is completely false. Night occurs when Chuck Norris tells the sun, "Get the fuck away. I'm tired."
There is currently a bill passing through congress to force Chuck Norris to get a tatoo that says "SURGEON GENERAL'S WARNING: Chuck Norris has been known to cause severe roundhouse kick related injuries." The irony is, by the time you've read it, the secondhand roundhouse kick is already fatal.
There is no chin behind Chuck Norris' beard. There is only another fist.
There is no Control button on Chuck Norris' computer because Chuck Norris is always in control.<br />
There is no gravity. You're being held down purely by Chuck Norris' animal magnetism.
There is no life on Mars. Thank Chuck Norris.
There is no mystery:  Chuck Norris came first.  Fuck the chicken AND the egg.
There is no "Newton's second law". Chuck Norris is the sum of all forces. 
There is no problem of overpopulation on Earth, cause we all know the solution is Chuck Norris.
There is no such thing as a suicidal jumper; they were just trying to get away from Chuck Norris.
There is no such thing as global warming, Chuck Norris just got cold, so he reached out and turned up the sun.
There is no such thing as Global Warming. We are only feeling the heat coming off of Chuck Norris after he realized McDonald's messed up his drive through order.
There is no such thing as love. There is only the absence of Chuck Norris' rage.
There is no such thing as shooting stars, only people who have been roundhouse kicked by Chuck Norris.
There is no such thing as the sun.  The bright light you see when you look outside is Chuck Norris' smile after eating all the children at the local daycare center.
There is no such thing as wind, only air trying to escape in shear terror of Chuck Norris.
There is no such thing as wind. What you feel is the breeze generated from Chuck Norris roundhouse kicking someone in the face.
There is nothing to fear but fear itself, and fear itself fears Chuck Norris.
There is only one known cure for lesbianism, Chuck Norris.
There is the false belief that a volcano erupts when the pressure of magma within the volcano gets so high that it fractures its way to the surface. Truth is, Chuck Norris in his spare time goes around and roundhouse kicks mountains, and like everything else Chuck kicks, the victim spews their guts out.
The R.E.M. song "Everybody Hurts" was inspired by an incident back in '86 when Chuck Norris ordered an unsweetened tea, and was told they didn't serve unsweetened tea at that particular restaurant. They do now.
There once was a boy from Nantucket, but then Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked him in the face.
There once was a man from Nantucket. Chuck Norris paralyzed him from the waist down.
There once was a man from Nantucket.  Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked the shit out of him for living in a place with such a stupid name.
There once was a man from Nantucket. Then Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked him in the face.
There really are two ways to kill a werewolf:  a silver bullet and Chuck Norris.  Only, Chuck Norris is a werewolf and can outrun a silver bullet.
There's no such thing as a near death experience. There is however, a near Chuck Norris experience.
There's no such thing as a tornado. Chuck Norris just hates trailer parks.
There's only one way to skin a cat because Chuck Norris has a patent on the other 311.
There's strong, then there's Army Strong, and then there's Chuck Norris.
There's strong... Then, there's army strong. Then, there's Chuck Norris.
There was a second Disneyland somewhere in the USA. But after a visit from Chuck Norris we now know that place as Silent Hill.
There was going to be a special edition Chuck Norris toliet paper, but Chuck doesn't take crap from anybody.
There was once a line of soap based off of Chuck Norris. His face was on every bar. While popular in the early 90s, the soap was discontinued after thousands of women started growing his stern yet sexy beard.
There was once a set of numbers Chuck Norris did not like. We now know them as Imaginary Numbers.
There was once a time where Stephen Hawking could move and talk like a regular human being. This all ended when he beat Chuck Norris in a game of Bop-it.
The Rhino is actually the result of a drunken one night stand Chuck Norris had with a Hippo.
The ringtone on Chuck Norris's cell phone is a recording of people that he has killed pleading for their lives.
"The road less traveled" is less traveled because Chuck Norris lives on it.
The road to Hell is paved with good intentions. The road to the home of Chuck Norris is paved with newborn babies.
The role of Alf, from the hit 80's TV show of the same name was actually played by Chuck Norris' penis.
The role of Willy Wonka in the remake of 'Charlie and the Chocolate Factory' was originally offered to Chuck Norris. However, he backed out of the project after the producers rejected his idea of a final fight scene with Charlie in which most of the cast dies.
The Roman emperors modeled their "thumbs up" for allowing Coliseum warriors to survive after Chuck Norris slew 14 warriors, 3 lions, and 314 members of the audience with two roundhouse kicks and then gave the emperor a thumbs up signifying that Chuck would spare the rest of those in attendence.
The Roman Empire didn't fall, Chuck Norris tripped it.
The Russian Mafia once put a hit on Chuck Norris. 30 minutes later the Mafia disbanded.
The saddest moment for a child is not when he learns Santa Claus isn't real, it's when he learns Chuck Norris is.
The San Andreas Fault has been blamed for most of Chuck Norris' farts.
The Scar on Harry potter's head is not from Lord Voldemort, but a hickey he got while thinking about Chuck Norris.
The scene from Scarface where Tony sniffs the table mountain of coke was inspired Chuck Norris' Super Sweet 16.
The secret ingredient in Purina One dog food is corn grown in the state next to Chuck Norris' house.
The semen of Chuck Norris consists of pixie dust and jet fuel.
The series of "Rocky" movies actually are based on Chuck Norris' second grade experience.
The shadow from Chuck Norris' mustache can accurately predict the length of winter to within 4 seconds. The groundhog has been rendered obsolete.
The show "Fear Factor" is based on things Chuck Norris has done in his life.
The show "Heroes" originally starred Chuck Norris until he killed the Japanese guys, sodomized the flying politician and fucked the cheerleader.
The show Walker, Texas Ranger holds the world record for most fatal accidents during a single season, which occurred in 1997. Chuck Norris was personally responsible for 3,623 deaths, most caused by severe head trauma.
The Six Million Dollar Man challenged Chuck Norris to a fight. Today he is known as the One Dollar and Thirty Seven Cent Man.
The Slipknot anthem "People = Shit" was actually written to pay homage to Chuck Norris because when he was through with a victim they truly equaled shit.
The snakes were on the plane to get away from Chuck Norris.
The snake was introduced to the world when Chuck Norris ate the legs off a lizard.
The soft drink beverage known as Mountain Dew is actually made entirely of Chuck Norris' urine. When you look at it through a microscope, you can see billions of microscopic Chucks, all waiting to roundhouse kick the shit out of your sperm.
The song "Cryin'" by Aerosmith is about Steven Tyler's love for Chuck Norris.
The song, "I Can See Clearly Now," was created after Chuck Norris slaughtered 203,945 people in midair.  The rain of blood lasted days.  Jesus was pissed.
The song "I Ran" by A Flock of Seagulls is actually about a former band member killed by Chuck Norris. Naturally, he "couldn't get away". 
The songs "You're beautiful", "You are so beautiful", and "Beautiful" were all written shortly after the artist was flashed by Chuck Norris.
The song "The Man Who Sold the World" is about the person that introduced Chuck Norris to karate.
The song, "These Boots Are Made For Walkin'" is actually a re-make of Chuck Norris' version, "These Boots Are Made For Killin'."
The "S" on Superman's suit was woven out of chest hair taken from Chuck Norris as he lay unconscious from an intense Total Gym workout session. This is the true source of Superman's powers.
The sound of an F15 fighter jet was taken directly from the sound of Chuck Norris taking a shit.
The sound of Chuck Norris scratching his beard makes angels weep.
The sound of thunder during storms is actully Chuck Norris doing praticing karate in the rain.
The source of Chuck Norris' power remains a mystery to the scientific community. They do know that it isn't genetic mutation, spider bites, radioactive waste, or even spinach.
The source of the "Day Fires" has now been discovered. Turns out some fucking jerk bet Chuck Norris he couldn't light a fart on fire.
The Soylent Green company had to hire Chuck Norris to keep up with demand.
The Space Shuttle Challenger didn't blow up because of a faulty O-ring. It was shot down when Chuck Norris jerked off.
The Spanish did not blow up the USS Maine, Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked the arms room, survived the blast, and smoked a Cuban.
The speed of Chuck Norris' roundhouse kick broke the sound barrier. And it didn't have health insurance.
The "Star Wars" saga was actually based on Chuck Norris' weekend in Las Vegas.
The Statue of Liberty was originally a gift from the French to Chuck Norris.  After he'd finished with her he gave her to the U.S., though it took 9 years of repairs to make her stand upright again.
The stock market is actually a tally on how many people Chuck Norris has killed.
The story of Paul Bunyan and his blue ox, is based on the true story of Chuck Norris and his throbing penis.
The substance used in the Disney movie "Flubber" was really just Chuck Norris' ear wax.
The subway scene in "Predator 2" is loosely based on the time Chuck Norris rode the New York subway while wearing a Red Sox hat.
The suitcase in Pulp Fiction contains nude photos of Chuck Norris.
The sun hides in fear every time Chuck Norris masturbates. We know these periods of darkness as "night".
The sun is 93 million miles away from the Earth, and it takes light 9 minutes to get here. It takes light 10 minutes to reach Chuck Norris, because it has to ask permission before illuminating him.
The sun may rise in the east, but it sets wherever Chuck Norris tells it to. By mere coincidence, Chuck Norris often tells the sun to set in the west.
The sun recieves its light, heat and energy from Chuck Norris.
The Sun was actually the explosion resulting from Chuck Norris roundhouse kicking God after he was told "thou shalt not kill".
The "Superbounce" in Halo 2 was actually created by the game designers watching Chuck Norris fight a Unicorn.
The Surgeon General once tried to warn the public that interactions with Chuck Norris may cause a serious risk to your health, and could even result in death.  Ironically, Chuck Norris responded to this warning with a fatal slow-motion roundhouse kick to the Surgeon General's jugular.  No one warns Chuck Norris about Chuck Norris except Chuck Norris.
The surgeon general put a warning on Chuck Norris' fist that reads, "Warning: Will most certainly cause immediate death."
The sweat from Chuck Norris' testicles is considered a delicacy in certain regions of Guatemala.
The symbol for Chuck Norris in sign language is a middle finger on fire.
The tears of Chuck Norris would supply enough liquidity to solve the credit crisis. Too bad he never cries.
The temperature on Chuck Norris' testicles is 750 degrees celsius. That is because his sperm can breath fire and shit lightning.
The term "carnivore" was invented after Chuck Norris was spotted at a carnival eating babies.
the term "heart burn" was invented when chuck norris round house kicked a man in the chest and his heart caught fire.
The Terminator once went back in time to kill Chuck Norris. He found only a note from Chuck reading "Bitch lips-- I have already traveled to the future and am currently beating your ass there, when I return I'll bring a piece of your metal ass back with me and beat you with that in the present."
The term "nunchuck" was actually coined after Chuck Norris used a pair of Catholic Nuns as weapons to mercilessly beat an angry mob to death.  Chuck makes weapons from his surroundings.
The term "pussy whipped" is actually derived from the time Chuck Norris whipped a woman's pussy with his incredibly long penis.
The term "roundhouse" was coined by Chuck Norris after he kicked someone in the head who was standing on his back porch while Chuck himself was unlocking the front door.
The term "TGIF" was coined when statisticians found that Friday is the day with the lowest amount of deaths caused by Chuck Norris.
The Texas Rangers offered to add "Walker" to the team name if Chuck Norris would play centerfield.
The the Geneva Convention specifically forbids the use of Chuck Norris in an international conflict.
The tide is effected by which side of his pants Chuck Norris puts his testicles.  The moon was constructed by Chuck Norris to give people an idea of the immensity of his balls.
The tide rises when Chuck Norris tells it to.
The tides are a result of Chuck Norris breathing. Tsunamis happen when he sneezes.
The tighter the jeans on Chuck Norris, the more kick ass he becomes.
The Titanic did not actually hit an iceberg...Chuck Norris was swimming laps between New York and London.
The Titanic did not sink from striking an iceberg. Chuck Norris inadvertently crapped in the ship's path.
The Titanic didn't sink because it hit an iceberg, but in fact it ran into Chuck Norris while practicing his underwater roundhouse kicks.
The Titanic would not have sunk if Chuck Norris was on board.
The title of the film Return Of The King is actually a lie; Chuck doesn't appear in the film at all.
The title song "Eyes of the Ranger" as sung by Chuck Norris in Walker: Texas Ranger, was the number one hit in Oslo, Norway for seventeen years straight. When it dropped to number two, Chuck killed the mayor of Oslo in retaliation. Needless to say the song rose back up to number one.
The Tooth Fairy is actually a government commissioned agent assigned to collect teeth to be donated to worldwide victims of Chuck Norris facial strikes.
The Total Gym is built entirely of Chuck Norris' pubic hair. If woven correctly, it rivals the strength of titanium.
The total number of deaths from World War II is 52,199,262. Chuck Norris is 2 kills from breaking that record.
The Tower of Pisa leans because Chuck Norris kicked it once while on vacation.
The tragic destruction of the rain forests is nothing but the effect of Chuck Norris' picnic trips. It only gets worse once Chuck is stuck and must use his machete, which in Chuck's hand, cuts huge trees and blocking bushes alike in one swing.
The Trail of Tears is actually just a nickname for the sidewalk from Chuck Norris's front door to the street down which many disappointed women have trodden the morning after a one night stand.
The Transformers went into hiding in the 80s after Chuck Norris destroyed the GoBots with his beard.
The true author of The Tale of Two Cities was Chuck Norris. He wrote it in two days while consuming nothing but dry gin and typing with his toes.
The true sign of the apocalypse is the day Chuck Norris dies.
The truth about Osama Bin Laden is that he is actually hiding from Chuck Norris. You would too if you called him Charles.
The tsunami that occurred off the coast of Sri Lanka was actually caused by a Chuck Norris cannon ball.
The two 'atomic bombs' dropped on Japan in World War Two were actually two small parts of Chuck Norris' left testicle, which he graciously donated to defeat Hitler and the Axis powers in 1943. Since then he has regenerated said testicle, and in the process made Tim McGraw a bigger douche.
The UFC actually stands for "Ultimate Fighter Chuck". And if you think this relates to Chuck Liddell then you are clearly on the wrong website and your punishment for this intrusion is a roundhouse kick courtesy of the ultimate fighter.
The ultimate cheat code in Mortal Kombat unlocks Chuck Norris, who upon pushing any button immediately begins a Fatality even if his opponent has full strength.
The United Nations considers use of Chuck Norris's legs to be a crime against humanity. But he doesn't care, because he's Chuck Norris.
The United States armed forces currently employ Chuck Norris in testing thier Abrams Main Battle Tank before sending them into combat.  This is achieved by having Chuck Norris attempt to penetrate the hull armor with a single roundhouse kick.  90% of Abrams tanks fail this test.
The United States city with the lowest crime rate is whichever city Chuck Norris is currently in. 
The United States didn't stop the Soviet ships during the Cuban Missile Crisis, the Soviets saw Chuck Norris on his daily swim and dared not incite his wrath.
The Universe is expanding only to get away from Chuck Norris.
The unseen gold thing in the briefcase in "Pulp Fiction" was a picture of Chuck Norris's penis.  Samuel L. Jackson's reluctance to give up the case is what makes him a Bad Mother Fucker, not his wallet.
The USA can't find Osama Bin Ladin because Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked him through space-time. Osama will reappear on May 16th, 2045. Chuck Norris will be waiting.
The US Army came up with the "Army of One" slogan after watching Chuck Norris in action.
The US Government offered Chuck Norris 20 billion dollars to capture Osama Bin Laden but he declined due to the "lack of compounds filled with ninjas".
The U.S National Debt is a result of Chuck Norris' tax return.
The US security level has dropped only once in the last 5 years. That was the day Chuck Norris took a day trip to Mexico
The US State Department has tried to hire Chuck Norris because he can kick ass in 29 different languages, as well as 5 dialects of Chinese.
The verb "to chuck" (as in throw) came about when Chuck Norris threw a man as hard as he could into a brick wall a mile away. Chuck Norris then laughed and yelled "You've been Chucked."
The very first CSI was going to be titled "CSI: Chuck Norris", but there was no crime scenes and no investigating.  Just Chuck Norris kicking ass and being totally awsome.  So they renamed it Walker, TR.
The Video Game company "Nintendo" was founded by Chuck Norris when he gave birth to a "Nintendo Entertainment System" after swallowing several Asian businessman whole.
The video game "Double Dragon" was created based on the true life crime fighting team of Chuck Norris and his penis.
The video game Katamari Damacy was inspired by Chuck Norris' tendency to roll Japanese families into balls and hurl them into space.
The Vietnam memorial is not a list of people who died in Vietnam, but actually a list of people who died over a fourth of July holiday when someone drank Chuck Norris' Tequila.
The Vietnam war ended over 30 years ago, nobody told Chuck Norris.
The Virgin Mary saw Chuck Norris in her grilled cheese sandwich.
The Vitruvian Man is actually the earliest known drawing of Chuck Norris. Da Vinci thought his four headed penis was unbelivable, so he changed it to four extra limbs. Authorties at the time were unable to explain the penis shaped stab holes that killed him.
The way Chuck Norris talks to women is not defined as "spitting game", but rather, "verbal roofies".
The way the wind blows depends on which direction Chuck Norris is kicking ass.
The weapons of mass destruction in Iraq were actually Saddam's attept to clone Chuck Norris. President Bush would not allow Walker Iraqi Ranger; the ultimate weapon of mass destruction.
The whooshing noise made when Chuck Norris punches is the air, scared of his fists, moving away.
The "wild eep" sound emitted from old Macintosh computers actually is the sound of a man whose head is being shoved up his ass by Chuck Norris.
The wind generated by the speed of one Chuck Norris roundhouse kick is enough to blow the clothes off of 37 women.
The window to the soul is not the eyes, but the hole in your chest Chuck Norris makes when he kicks you in your fuckin' soul.
The Witness Protection Program was invented to try to hide people from Chuck Norris. 
The wood chuck didn't in fact chuck any wood because Chuck Norris kicked its ass for having the same name.
The word "chuck" was named after Chuck Norris when he hurled his children through steel walls.
The word “fuck” is in fact a portmanteau of “foot of Chuck.”
the word quadrillion was first implemented in a Harvard study to express the size of Chuck Norris's genitalia.
The words "Do It Yourself" or "Self-Help" are really code for "The Way Chuck Norris Does It."
The world doesn't spin. Chuck Norris twirls.
The world's dormant volcanoes will remain inactive until they can compete on the same level as Chuck Norris.<br />
The "World's Strongest Man" competition is now called the the "World's Second Strongest Man" because of Chuck Norris.   
The world was flat until Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked it, which made it curl up into a ball. Chuck Norris' roundhouse kicks tend to do that.
The world was in fact the produce of Big Bang. That was when Chuck Norris banged Mrs. God
The world was once flat then Chuck Norris made it curl up in a ball of fear
The X-Men character "Wolverine" is actually based on Chuck Norris, only toned down so as not to upset children.
They may say that Chuck Yeager first broke the sound barrier, but it was actually a disoriented Chuck Norris. He was just a little fatigued from having sex for the previous 70 hours straight and had forgotten his last name.
They once held a season of the television show "Suvivor" at Chuck Norris' ranch. Sadly enough, nobody survived that season.
They're making a sequel to 300 starring Chuck Norris. Its called 1
They say if you turn an alligator on its back and rub its belly, you can make it relax and fall asleep, rendering it less dangerous. However, turning Chuck Norris on his back and rubbing his belly is extremely dangerous because implying Chuck Norris has any sort of "belly" makes him angry.
They say Jesus was conceived immaculately because there are no words beautiful enough to describe Chuck Norris having sex.
They say MacGyver can make anything out of paperclips and string using only his hands. Well, Chuck Norris can make anything out of MacGyver using only his fists.
They say matter cannot be created nor destroyed. Chuck Norris does both daily.
They say Splenda tastes like sugar because its made from sugar. In reality Splenda tastes like sugar because Chuck Norris told Equal to stop being a pussy and taste right.
They say that it's impossible to breathe in space. Tell that to Chuck Norris.
They say that lightning never strikes the same place twice. Niether does Chuck Norris.  He doesn't have to.
They say the rain is God's tears, after Chuck Norris is done with him.
They say when a limb is removed, it feels like it's still there. When Chuck Norris removes one of your limbs, it just really fucking hurts - and you should expect other limbs to follow. That's what you get for even glancing at him wrong.
They use Chuck Norris' foreskin as a tarp when it rains at Yankee Stadium.
This entire galaxy and even the universe itself is just a speck of dust in the beard of a greater, cosmic Chuck Norris.
This year, 2007, marks both the 95th anniversary of the Titanic sinking, and the 95th anniversary of Chuck Norris carrying the largest iceberg through the North Atlantic.
Thomas Edison tried over 1000 different materials while developing the light bulb.  He tried some of Chuck's beard trimmings but found the light NEVER burnt out.
Those aren't credits that roll after Walker Texas Ranger, it is actually a list of people that Chuck Norris round house kicked in the face that day.
Though Chuck Norris is silent during hand-to-hand combat, his boots are aeronautically designed to make a "Hiya" sound with every kick.
Though Chuck Norris only wears a size 34 jeans, he can still fold you up and put you in his pocket.
Though the creators of The Matrix were close to the truth, there were several glaring errors. For one, we are not inside of a giant computer, but rather the mind of Chuck Norris. Also, the people in "The Matrix" are granted glimpses into the real world, this is via Conan O'Brien's now classic bit: The Walker Texas Ranger Lever.
Though too dangerous to harness, a Chuck Norris roundhouse generates enough energy to power the entire eastern seaboard for almost 18 hours.
Though very few people know it, Chuck Norris was born with an almost infinite number of balls. However he took almost all of them out, and scattered them all over the universe, keeping his 2 smallest ones so he could walk among us mortals. His Balls are now simply known as stars, and interestingly enough, the Earth is just one of Chuck Norris' kidney stones.
Through his advanced studies in Cosmology and the Universe, Stephen Hawking discovered the one way to destroy Chuck Norris. Chuck got to him first.
Throughout the years, Chuck Norris has built several monuments to his penis, such as the Washington Monument, the Leaning Tower of Pisa, and the Eiffel Tower. He is currently working on the International Space Station.
Thunder is caused by Chuck Norris bowling.
Tiger Woods challenged Chuck Norris to a long drive contest. Tiger's ball went 356 yards, Chuck's ball exploded on impact with the club, killing thousands.
Time is either slowed or sped up by three seconds depending on which direction Chuck Norris made his last roundhouse kick.
Time stops for no man, but it does for Chuck Norris when he meditates, or takes a dump.
Tim Horton is Chuck Norris' only living son.
To be stuck between Chuck Norris and hard place makes the hard place pretty damn appealing.
To Chuck Norris, doorknobs and urination are seen as merely suggestions.
To Chuck Norris, the cup isn't half full or half empty, but all usually deadly.
To get high, Chuck Norris snorts human blood.
To keep is his mind sharp Chuck Norris plays Tic-Tac-Toe versus himself. He wins every time.<br />
To maintain his status as the life of the party, Chuck Norris shaves his beard and amazes the crowd as they watch it grow back before them.
To make his rodeo record unbeatable, Chuck Norris lived a year on a bull. It could have lasted longer, if only the fucking beast didn't die.
To make Wolverine appear even more bad-assed for future generations, Marvel has decided to switch Wolverine's adamantium skeleton with one coated in pure Chuck Norris.
Tom Cruise is actually impotent. Katie Holmes is pregnant thanks to Chuck Norris.
Tom Cruise tried to convert Chuck Norris to scientology. Afterwards, Katie Holmes got pregnant.
Tony Danza is the reason that Chuck Norris despises humanity.
Tony Danza reports to Chuck Norris.
Topping Fortune Magazine's list of most profitable companies is "Chuck Norris' Martial Arts Training and Mortuary Service."
To prove it isn't that big of a deal to beat cancer.  Chuck Norris smoked 15 cartons of cigarettes a day for 2 years and aquired 7 different kinds of cancer only to rid them from his body by flexing for 30 minutes. Beat that, Lance Armstrong.
Top scientists have just discovered what lies beyond our universe, and that is Chuck Norris. Amazingly enough, Chuck Norris has also been found to be the exact center of the universe.
To pull America out of the Great Depression, Chuck Norris listed his beard on the stock exchange. While these shares have become increasingly valuable, no one has ever been game enough to collect.
To raise their standards of safety, automakers now crash test their cars by paying Chuck Norris to run into them.
Tornados are not caused by sudden changes in weather, but rather, a sudden roundhouse by Chuck Norris.
To save money in special effects costs in his latest film, director Peter Jackson cast Chuck Norris as King Kong. To prepare for the role, he did not shave for three days, and ate an entire college basketball team.
To show its patriotism, the American flag recently got a tattoo of Chuck Norris.
To this day, Chuck Norris still thinks there are only eight planets. Nobody has ever had the nerve to tell him "Uranus is a planet."
Touching Chuck Norris' beard will increase you life expectancy by 6 years.  Unfortunately, the following roundhouse kick will reduce your life expectancy by 300.  You do the math.
Tour de France winner Floyd Landis has a high testosterone level because he once shook hands with Chuck Norris.
Trains have to stop for Chuck Norris
Trains stop at a Chuck Norris crossing.
"Treat people how they treat you." Its a shame that we can't roundhouse like Chuck Norris.
Trix aren't for kids. Silly rabbit. Trix are for Chuck Norris
Tsunamis are the result of Chuck Norris entering the ocean, and every drop of water therein running for its life.
Tupac is still alive. Chuck Norris just told him to, "Make himself scarce."
Turns out that by Chuck Norris living in the U.S. we are violating all four treaties of the Geneva Conventions.
Twenty years ago Chuck Norris smiled when he thought about elephants having sex. He has not smiled since.
Two and a Half Men was originally a show only about Chuck Norris.
Two weeks before Christmas, Chuck Norris took his family out to a Christmas tree farm. When they all found the "perfect tree", his son gave him a saw. Chuck laughed, threw the saw down and roundhouse kicked the tree over.
Two words that lead us to believe that Osama Bin Laden is already dead...Chuck Norris.
U2 wrote "Sunday Bloody Sunday" after seeing Bono get an uppercut from Chuck Norris.
UFOs are the result of Chuck Norris having road rage.
Uncle Sam doesn't want you anymore. He's got Chuck Norris.
Under Armour is made from Chuck Norris' dead skin cells.
Under immense pressure, coal can be turned into a diamond.  Chuck Norris can put a kid in his beard and turn it into a paper airplane.
Unicorns used to be as common as squirrels, until one of them gave Chuck Norris the finger.
Unlike Mel Gibson, Chuck Norris didn't get drunk "one night" and spout off remarks of anti-semitism; he does this every Thursday.
Unlike most of the civilized world, Chuck Norris will actually recieve 73 green-eyed virgins when he dies.
Unlike most other humans, Chuck Norris can acutally travel through the Internet, exit at your PC, and kick your ass if he wants to.
Unlike Mr. T, Chuck Norris doesn't pity the fool. He roundhouse kicks him.
Unlike Santa, Norris doesn't have to check his list twice.
Unlike William Wallace, Chuck Norris can shoot fireballs from his eyes and bolts of lightning from his arse.
"Unsolved Mysteries" was actually a documentary about Chuck Norris' greatest accomplishments.
Until 1983, all Chuck Norris movies were filmed with a hidden camera. 
Upon arriving on the moon, Neil Armstrong caught a 382500 km touchdown pass from Chuck Norris.
Upon conclusion and extensive analysis of a fifteen year study, scientists and mathmaticians agree Chuck Norris' scrotum is a geometrically perfect sphere.
Upon entering any room, Chuck Norris always declares "It smells like ass in here". This is due to everyone crapping their pants when Chuck Norris arrives.
Upon finding this very website, Chuck Norris hunted down and roundhouse kicked every contributer.
Upon hearing of the possible outbreak of Bird Flu, Chuck Norris became outraged and announced he will kill off every species of bird. When asked about his statement, he replied, "This is Chuck's world, and Chuck determines when thousands die, not birds."
Upon hearing that his good friend, Lance Armstrong, lost his testicles to cancer, Chuck Norris donated one of his to Lance.  With just one of Chuck's nuts, Lance was able to win the Tour De France seven times. By the way, Chuck still has two testicles; either he was able to produce a new one simply by flexing, or he had three to begin with. No one knows for sure.
Upon his birth during the ice age, Chuck Norris ate his own umbilical cord, thus proving he was destined to be badass forever.
Upon meeting Chuck Norris Hitler realized he could never win and killed himself.
Upon reading a fictitious story in his local tabloid, Chuck Norris ripped out the heart of its writer and used his blood to fertilize his lawn. To celebrate, Norris let Steven Seagal out of his cage and beat him mercilessly. Mr. T, who was also present, pitied the shit out of Segal. Norris then fucked your wife, and lit her body on fire using pure grain alcohol and bolts of lightning from his eyes.
Up until the pilot episode, "Walker, Texas Ranger" was actually titled "Shitcock and the Double Fist". Then, for just one episode, it became "Walker, Texas Raper", wherein Norris actually raped the state of Texas.
Using only a couple of ordinary roofing nails and his fist as a hammer, Chuck Norris was able to convert a live bald eagle into a badass hood ornament for his monster truck.
Vampires usually follow Chuck from a distance; they know he's always where the blood's at.
Very few women have survived sex with Chuck Norris. He ejaculates poison tipped arrows.
Viagra is extracted from Chuck Norris' beard.
Viagra is in fact Chuck Norris' solidified semen.
Viagra is made from blue food colouring and from Chuck Norris's beard clippings
Viagra is made from the sweat of Chuck Norris.
Video didn't kill the radio star: Chuck Norris did.  With a roundhouse kick.
Video killed the radio star. Upon hearing this, Chuck Norris killed Video.
Vin Diesel and Mr. T walked into a bar. Chuck Norris ducked.
Vin Diesel can be re-arranged to say, "I end lives". Screw that; Chuck Norris can be re-arranged to say "Chuck Norris", Which means the same thing.
Vin Diesel has only had one nightmare in his lifetime. It involved Chuck Norris, and his murderous group of Oompa-Loompas.
Vin Diesel is Chuck Norris' Italian Doppelganger.
Vin Diesel may play Minesweeper with real mines, but Chuck Norris plays Hearts with real hearts.
Vin Diesel's hair is too afraid of Chuck Norris to grow.
Volcanoes are simply normal mountains that blew their load after Chuck Norris climbed them.
Volcanoes stay dormant in fear that Chuck Norris is near. 
"Walker, Texas Ranger" does not have slow motion. Chuck Norris' roundhouse kicks are just so fast they slow down time.
Walker Texas Ranger is actually the life of Chuck Norris from the ages of 1 through 3 and a half.
Walker Texas Ranger is just a normal man, but when danger calls he transforms into Chuck Norris.
"Walker, Texas Ranger" isn't canceled; it's plotting.
Walker Texas Ranger recently won an Emmy even though new episodes haven't been produced in years. Chuck Norris likes re-runs.
Walker Texas Ranger's black partner is actually the result of Chuck eating too many BBQ ribs and taking a giant dump in a puddle of radioactive waste.
Walker: Texas Ranger was orignally named Walker: Universe Defender but was scaled down significantly due to financial restrictions.
Walker Texas Ranger with Chuck Norris is the original reality-television show.
Watching a Chuck Norris movie will make your testicles grow 12%. And this actually happens with females too.
Water boils faster when Chuck Norris watches it.
Water used to cover 98% of the earth's surface, until Chuck Norris got thirsty.
We all know if there's a will, there's a way. This is proved by the fact, "Someway, Chuck Norris will kill you and get your girlfriend pregnant."
We all know that during World War II, President Roosevelt told United States citizens that "the only thing we have to fear is fear itself." Sadly, most people don't know the rest of that statement: "Fortunately for us, Chuck Norris IS fear itself, and he is on our side, so we have nothing to fear at all."
We all know the magic word is please. As in the sentence, "Please don't kill me." Too bad Chuck Norris doesn't believe in magic.
We are all but figments of Chuck Norris's imagination.
We are told in school that The Trojan Horse was what ended the  Trojan War. The truth is, the Greeks left and Chuck Norris went into Troy, stole Helen, banged her, and burned the city to the ground.
We didn't find Weapons of Mass Destruction in Iraq because Chuck Norris ate them as part of his Jenny Craig diet.
We may never know how many licks it takes to get the center of a tootsie pop, but we do know it takes only one Chuck Norris roundhouse kick to smash your skull into hundreds of pieces.
We once had a bachelor party for Chuck Norris. He ate the entire cake before we could tell him there was a stripper in it.
Werewolves, ghosts, zombies, and vampires are all just Chuck Norris in disguise.
We've all heard of the "12 days of Christmas," even though there is only one day. Originally, it took Santa Claus 12 days to complete his trip around the world. One time he returned to find Chuck Norris had been having sex with Mrs. Claus for 11 straight days. He was subsequently bitch-slapped by Chuck. Since then, Santa has hurried the fuck up.
What are little boys made of? Frogs and snails and puppy dog's tails.  What are little girls made of? Sugar and spice and all things nice.  What is Chuck Norris made of? Death and chills and fossil fuel spills.
What came first, the chicken or the egg? Neither. Chuck Norris came first.
What does Chuck Norris tell a woman with two black eyes? Nothing he has not already told her twice.
What do you get when you cross Chuck Norris and a pair of cowboy boots? A roundhouse kick to the forehead... don't ever cross Chuck Norris.
What happens when an entire nation rises against Chuck Norris?  Ask the citizens of Atlantis.
What is hairy, gigantic, floppy and can fuck like there's no tomorrow? I don't know, but make no mistakes - it will die at the hands of Chuck Norris.
What is the only thing worse than Chuck Norris with a gun. Chuck Norris without a gun.
What Kayne West forgot to tell you is Chuck Norris also does not care about black people. He does not care about white people, Asians or Hispanics. In fact all Chuck Norris cares about is Chuck Norris.
What most art historians don't know is that Picasso's cubist paintings were actually just realistic portraits of his models after Chuck Norris got through with them.
What the Beatles don't want you to know is that Chuck Norris' beard alone recorded "Revolution #9".
What we call "Mount Everest", is actually what happened when Chuck Norris took a dump after a curry.
What we know as the wind is actually Chuck Norris breathing. The speed and intensity fluctuates according to his activity.
When Abraham Lincoln was building his log cabin, Chuck Norris sat under a shady elm tree, drinking lemonade. When Abe asked Chuck for a sip to quench his thirst, Chuck Norris stared at him in the eye and poured the lemonade into the ground. He then round-house kicked Lincoln's teeth out.
When a butterfly flaps its wings in Japan there is a hurricane in North America. When Chuck Norris roundhouse kicks in North America every living inhabitant on Mars blinks out of existence.
When AC/DC wrote the song "Big Balls", they had Chuck Norris in mind.
When a Cop asked Chuck Norris for his license and registration, the last thing to go through his mind was Chuck's shoe.
When a daycare worker walked in on Chuck Norris delivering roundhouse kicks to the faces of small children, she let out a terrifying scream at the site, and immediately picked up a phone to call 911.  Chuck Norris quickly diffused the situation by showing her his roll of Mentos.  She laughed heartily and put down the phone.
When a female companion told Chuck Norris that she wanted it rough, the result was comparable to that of a lion in a cage with an autistic kid playing with a raw steak.
When a fire department couldn't put out a house that was on fire, Chuck Norris happened to walk by and promptly whipped out his monstrous penis to extinguish the flames with his urine. He then made love to every fireman's wife and college daughters.
When a jury found Chuck Norris guilty of murder, the judge sentenced himself to death rather than sentencing Chuck Norris to anything.
When an airport worker told Chuck Norris that his flight was delayed, he told her that her pregnancy was delayed and did jumping jacks on her uterus.
When angered, Chuck Norris's core temperature rises to one million times that of the sun & will destroy the entire Universe. This has happened twice so far & leading scientists claim that we are "Long Overdue" for another.
When a phone rings, there is a 58% chance that it's for Chuck Norris.
When approached by a toy company about making a bobble head Chuck Norris figurine, Norris declined suggesting instead they made a bobble leg figure. He justified his idea by saying the figures could then roundhouse kick any other bobble heads into submission.
When archaeologists unearth human remains with large holes in the back of the skull, they mistakenly identify them as human sacrifice victims; when in reality they are victims of a Chuck Norris donkey-punch.
When a reporter asked Chuck about his the decision to shave his beard, Chuck replied, "If I told you, I'd have to kill you." He then laughed a little bit, realizing that he was going to kill the reporter anyway.
When asked by a reporter what his only weakness was Chuck Norris replied, "I sometimes love too much." He then ripped out the reporters spine and beat him to death with it.
When asked, "Do you know the muffin man?"<br />
When asked his opinion about the war in Iraq, Chuck Norris said "Those Iraqis are lucky we got an army, cause if we didn't I would be forced to over and beat the tar out of every individual within my perimeter". He then roundhoused the reporter and walked off in anger.
When asked if videogame-related violence was a threat to America's children, Chuck Norris promptly roundhouse kicked Jack Thompson in the face. Ironically, moments later two 13-year-olds were found dead less than a mile from the scene, attempting to reenact this stunt.
When asked the question, "Do you beleive in evolution?" Chuck Norris simply laughed and turned the reporter into an ape.
When asked the question "What's your stance on abortion?" Chuck Norris looked at the reporter sternly and answered, "When do I apply?"
When asked to comment on the television show "Magnum P.I", Chuck Norris said "I never liked the show because Tom Sellick's moustache was a lousy piece of shit."
When asked whether Chuck Norris favored the Blu-ray or HD-DVD technology he simply huffed and said, "Movies are for people who can't get laid, this is the reason my Betamax has so much dust on it."
When asked who he thought would win the Superbowl Chuck Norris without hesitation replied "Pain always wins."
When asked why Chuck Norris doesn't use 100% of his power in martial arts tournaments, he points at the once habitual moon. Then he roundhouse kicks the fool who asked him this to show mercy.
When asked why he round-house kicked an entire school of children Chuck Norris replies "I don't like Mondays." When informed that it was Tuesday he replied "I still don't like Mondays."
When a young child said to Chuck Norris that he was his biggest fan, Chuck said, "Thanks, kid, that's very moving".  He then swallowed the kid whole, digested him and shit out the remains. When Chuck said that was "moving", he meant moving his bowels.
When Ben Stiller tried to say, "Fucking Chuck Norris," during the filming of Dodgeball, he suffered a near fatal brain aneurism. The scene had to be reshot with CGI.
When boiled in hot water, the hair from Chuck Norris's beard turns into crack cocaine.
When Bugs Bunny plays piano, he can take his gloves off and the gloves will continue to play piano. When Chuck Norris undresses, his jeans will continue to kick peoples' asses.
When children go to Chuck Norris' house on Haloween, they give him candy.
When Chris Rock and the United Nations found out that Chuck Norris also spells “UN Chris Rock”, The United Nations changed its name to United Countries, and Chris Rock changed his name to Susan.
When Chuch Norris ejaculated, the first atomic bomb was created.
When Chuck heard that Jesus was crucified, he roundhouse kicked 8 people standing around him and lit them on fire. We call this day Hannukah.
When Chuck Norris and Vin Diesel come within 400 feet of each other, an atomic blast occurs. This is why they can never take a trip to Japan ever again.
When Chuck Norris answers the phone, he just says "Go". This is not permission for you to begin speaking, it is your cue to start running for your life.
When Chuck Norris approaches a stop sign, it turns green and says go.
When Chuck Norris asks you to jump, you ask, "How high?"  Then Chuck Norris roundhouse kicks you for questioning him.
When Chuck Norris bangs a chick, somewhere in the universe a star goes supernova. The nighttime skies are now jet black.
When Chuck Norris beats his dog for peeing on the rug, he does so at the PETA headquarters out of sheer spite.
When Chuck Norris began his "Kick Drugs Out of America" program in 1990, he would simply roundhouse kick the drugs out of the system of anyone on them. They would either a) be cured and accept Chuck Norris as their savior, or b) overdose on roundhouse kicks.
When Chuck Norris bleeds, oak trees sprout up from where the blood fell.
When Chuck Norris breaks the law, the law doesn't heal.
When Chuck Norris breaks wind, it stays broken.
When Chuck Norris calls you, your phone plays "Highway to Hell", even if he calls you up on your rotary phone.
When Chuck Norris challenges a play, he always wins.
When Chuck Norris changes channels entire TV stations shut down and start up.
When Chuck Norris chews bubblegum, the bubblegum screams. 
When Chuck Norris chops down a tree, he uses the wooden end of the axe.
When Chuck Norris claps, he doesn't use his hands. Rather, he finds the two closest people and slams them together repeatedly.
When Chuck Norris claps, the lights always turn on. Even if he doesn't have a Clapper.
When Chuck Norris clicks on the "Win a FREE iPod!" ads, Chuck Norris wins.
When Chuck Norris cuts himself, three emo kids die.
When Chuck Norris cuts in line, the line bleeds.
When Chuck Norris decides to wake, he makes the sun rise.<br />
When Chuck Norris dies, he goes to a special division of heaven, where everyone who has taken Norris' name in vain also resides, so he can singlehandedly beat them down.
When Chuck Norris dies, the calendar will change to Jan. 10,000 A.C.N.
When Chuck Norris dies, the universe will implode. It's true, it has to be.
When Chuck Norris' doctor checked his reflexes by tapping on Chuck's knee he was instantaneously kicked onto the surface of Jupiter.
When Chuck Norris does his laundry, he prefers the gentle cycle. He can't feel a difference, but he thinks softer clothes helps him blend in with mortals.
When Chuck Norris doesn't have time to brew coffee, he chews a handful of beans and washes it down with boiling water.
When Chuck Norris does push-ups, he does not push himself up. He pushes the Earth down.
When Chuck Norris does the robot, people die.
When Chuck Norris drinks, alcohol gets a hangover.
When Chuck Norris drops a piece of food on the ground he doesn't go by the "three second rule" before he picks it up to eat it, he goes by the "whenever he feels like picking it up" rule.
When Chuck Norris duped his girlfriend, he did it with a cold heart. His heart was so cold, in fact, that it registered at -3 degrees Kelvin, causing her, and all matter within shouting distance, to cease to exist.
When Chuck Norris eats airplane food, it tastes good.
When Chuck Norris eats an Oreo, the cream filling cleans itself out of the cookie.
When Chuck Norris eats grapes, he pisses out well-aged wine.
When Chuck Norris eats Rice Krispies, they don't snap, crackle and pop; they sing "The Eyes of a Ranger". 
When Chuck Norris enters a night club, he instantly becomes the life of the party. An instant is roughly how long it takes Chuck Norris to kill a room full of people.
When Chuck Norris enters a room, he doesn't turn the lights on, he turns the dark off.
When Chuck Norris faces North, baby seals club themselves.
When Chuck Norris falls asleep time stops out of fear of waking him up, thus creating the illusion that Chuck never sleeps.
When Chuck Norris farts, everyone within a two mile radius gets third degree burns.
When Chuck Norris farts it produces a mushroom cloud.
When Chuck Norris farts, it smells like freshly baked cinnamon rolls.
When Chuck Norris feels playful, he will tell you that there is something on your shirt. When you look down, he flicks you on the nose with his finger and laughs profusely for ten minutes. He then decides playtime is over and roundhouse kicks you in the face.
When Chuck Norris first saw the ten commandments written in stone, he was angered that god did not include his name.  He then gave Moses a wedgie and karate chopped the Commandments in several peices.  Moses snickered as he made off with the real copy, to this day, Chuck Norris will punch anyone who brings up the subject of the the ten commandments in hope that it could be Moses in disguise.
When Chuck Norris flexes, woman become immaculately pregnant.
When Chuck Norris flips a penny into the air and catches it, Abraham Lincoln gets a black eye.
When Chuck Norris Flips You Off, Hes Actually Telling You How Many Seconds You Have Two Live.
When Chuck Norris found out dolphins were becoming an endangered species, he banged flipper and she gave birth 100 times.
When Chuck Norris found out that he was not included in Mt.Rushmore, he wanted to leave his mark somewhere. He then karate chopped the ground and created the Grand Canyon.
When Chuck Norris found out who stole the cookies from the cookie jar, he found him and broke his neck; when the owner of the cookies asked for them back, Chuck Norris proceeded to roundhouse kick him in the face, Chuck Norris loves his cookies.
When Chuck Norris gets a headache, he doesn't reach for Advil, he reaches for a syringe and horse tranquilizers.
When Chuck Norris gets angry with someone, he tells them "I'll piss on your grave, you fucker." He then buries them alive and pisses on their grave. His piss is what ultimately kills them, not the lack of oxygen.
When Chuck Norris gets horny, late at night, he crashes through bar walls, shouts "CHUCK NORRIS DEMANDS SEX NOW!" and does a single pelvic thrust, immediately impregnating everyone in the room.
When Chuck Norris gets hungry he impales 5 hookers on his penis and roasts them on his fire breath. He call this Whore-Kabob ala Norris.
When Chuck Norris gets in a car crash the air bags do not save Chuck Norris, they save the car.
When Chuck Norris gets mad, somewhere in the world a newborn baby gets circumcised.
When Chuck Norris gives a thumbs up, it means that his penis is now erect.
When Chuck Norris gives a woman a pearl necklace, he actually ejaculates a string of pearls. Just picture it.
When Chuck Norris gives someone the finger. The women climax but men die.
When Chuck Norris gives you a 'thumbs down', he's actually pointing at where you are about to go.
When Chuck Norris gives you the finger, he's telling you how many seconds you have left to live.
When Chuck Norris goes bowling he always bowls a 300, but he only bowls one frame.
When Chuck Norris goes cow tipping, he does not touch the cow. He stares it down until it falls over.
When Chuck Norris goes cow-tipping, he lifts a cow up and drop kicks it into the neighboring farm. All the other cows simply tip themselves over to keep from having to walk back in the dark.
When Chuck Norris goes grocery shopping, he gets the option of paper, plastic, or human skin.
When Chuck Norris goes on Oprah he doesn't jump on the couch. He throws it into the audience, roundhouse kicks Oprah in the face, and than works out on a total gym while the surviving members on the audience watch in amazement.
When Chuck Norris goes through airport security, the metal detectors bow before him.
When Chuck Norris goes to a wedding, he's always the best man.
When Chuck Norris goes to jail he does collect $200.
When Chuck Norris goes to McDonald's, Ronald waits on him.
When Chuck Norris goes to sleep, the sun knows what fucking time it is.
When Chuck Norris goes to the bathroom he craps out perfect dodecahedrons to prove his precision and accuracy in the art of shit taking.
When Chuck Norris goes to the movies his friends call him him Fire!!! because it is safer than saying Chuck Norris in a crowd.
When Chuck Norris golfs he yells "thirty-five" and if you get hit by his ball it's your own damn fault.
When Chuck Norris got his first wet dream, the Mississippi River was created.
When Chuck Norris got in trouble, he spanked his parents.
When Chuck Norris got lost in the mountains one time, he used is own pubic hair as kindling for a fire.
When Chuck Norris grew tired of masturbation, he removed his own rib and woman was created.
When Chuck Norris had an appendix rupture while in the jungle of Vietnam, many enemy were slain when they rushed to the explosion thinking a mortar had finally wounded their enemy. The swiftness of the kicks dispelled that "mortal" myth.
When Chuck Norris had birthday parties as a kid, he used a live donkey as a piñata.
When Chuck Norris had his first erection he accidentally put a hole in the ozone layer.
When Chuck Norris had sex with Christie Brinkley, she gave birth to a Total Gym.
When Chuck Norris had surgery, the anesthesia was applied to the doctors. 
When Chuck Norris had to cry in Walker Texas Ranger, they called Industrial Light & Magic.
When Chuck Norris had to undergo surgery after catching a number of cannonballs with his stomach, he punched out the doctors and took hold of the scalpel himself. The following report, written in blood, states his stomach contents were four feet of barbed wire, two pounds of granite, fire, and the skeleton of a circus strongman.
When Chuck Norris hangs paintings, they die.
When Chuck Norris has a bad day, people die. When Chuck Norris has a good day... twice as many people die and a few things explode.
When Chuck Norris has a good idea he lifts a forklift carrying a pallet of light bulbs.
When Chuck Norris has sex with a man, it is not because he is gay, but because he has run out of women.
When Chuck Norris has the munchies, entire farming communities go out of business.
When Chuck Norris has to go to the other side of the globe he goes on foot, not because he's afraid of planes but 'cause it takes less time to go through it than around.
When Chuck Norris headbutts you, your head actually somehow goes up your butt.
When Chuck Norris' head hurts, he hurts it back.
When Chuck Norris heard the it took God 7 days to create the Earth he teleported to heaven, called God a bitch, and told him he could have done it in 6. Later he remembered that he was God and got a burly lumberjack sized chuckle out of it.
When Chuck Norris helps you jumpstart your car, remember: beard is positive, fist is negative.
When Chuck Norris is bitten by a mosquito, he flexes his muscles, causing the mosquito to swell up to an immense size and then burst into a hail of confetti.
When Chuck Norris is cut, he bleeds the tears of small children.
When Chuck Norris is feeling bored, he shreds on the guitar. When Chuck Norris is feeling happy, he shreds people.
When Chuck Norris is feeling generous he thanks the people who make the "Thank you for not smoking" signs.  When he's not, he smokes them.
When Chuck Norris is in a bad mood, it affects the tides.
When Chuck Norris is smiling, he just killed your dad.
When Chuck Norris is told to go directly to jail and to not pass go and collect $200, he does so anyway.
When Chuck Norris killed Lucky the Leprechaun he was quoted saying he tasted, "Magically delicious."
When Chuck Norris kisses a woman, she explodes into orgasmic rainbows.
When Chuck Norris laughs in the face of Danger, Danger pisses itself in fear.
When Chuck Norris laughs too hard while drinking milk, he accidently shits a cow.
When Chuck Norris looks at Medusa, she turns to stone.
When Chuck Norris looks at porn, the pictures masturbate to him.
When Chuck Norris looks at the sun, the sun looks away.
When Chuck Norris looks in a mirror, it shatters because it is scared shitless.
When Chuck Norris looks in a mirror the mirror shatters, because not even glass is stupid enough to get in between Chuck Norris and Chuck Norris.
When Chuck Norris looks into a mirror, the world is in twice as much danger.
When Chuck Norris makes smalltalk, the words are still pretty big.
When Chuck Norris masturbates, a doorway to hell is opened, thus allowing demons to roam freely on the earth.
When Chuck Norris masturbates he only thinks about one person, Chuck Norris.
When Chuck Norris masturbates, his penis sounds like a cougar.
When Chuck Norris meditates, people die.
When Chuck Norris meets people he does not like, but aren't worth roundhouse kicking, he points to the north while giving them an evil look.  These people are known as Canadians.
When Chuck Norris needs butter, he makes a girl give him head after pouring a gallon of milk into her mouth. Then roundhouse kicks her in the face to show that he didn't enjoy it, and that he only wanted butter.
When Chuck Norris needs money, he picks up a hooker, all of whom inevitably pay him for his time.
When Chuck Norris needs to count to ten he simply looks at his feet. He consistently finds the 8 fingers and 2 thumbs from his last victim lodged within the tread of his boot.
When Chuck Norris orders a pizza, the deliveryman always arrives after 30 minutes, too scared to ask him for money. 
When Chuck Norris orders a steak prepared rare at a restaurant the waitress immediately brings out the whole cow. Chuck Norris doesn't just slice off a piece from wherever he wants, he eats the whole fucking cow.
When Chuck Norris passes gas, it's caught for a touchdown.
When Chuck Norris passes Go, he collects $400.00
When Chuck Norris pees into a urinal, the porcelain erodes more quickly than the urinal cake.
When Chuck Norris plays 20 questions, he gets as many chances as he fucking wants.
When Chuck Norris plays checkers and reaches the other side of the board, he says "Chuck Norris Me"
When Chuck Norris plays Counter-Strike, he gets negative pings.
When Chuck Norris plays Duengeons and Dragons, he always plays as himself. To this day, he has never lost.
When Chuck Norris plays Frogger, all the cars stop, not because they are afraid, but because Chuck Norris uses the Force.
When CHuck Norris plays golf, he usualy shoots an 18 or less.
When Chuck Norris plays golf they have to put the hole on the moon.
When Chuck Norris plays "Guess Who", he doesn't ask any questions. He stares at his game board until all the pieces flip down in fright, except for one. And that one, without fail, is the person you chose.
When Chuck Norris plays Halo, he gives other players his weapons so that they kill themselves for his amusement.
When Chuck Norris plays Oregon Trail his family does not die from cholera or dysentery, but rather roundhouse kicks to the face.  He also requires no wagon, since he carries the oxen, axels, and buffalo meat on his back.  He always makes it to Oregon before you.
When Chuck Norris plays Pac-Man all the ghosts huddle in the corner and wait for death.
When Chuck Norris plays pool he breaks every ball, every time, in order.
When Chuck Norris plays Super Mario Brothers the princess is always in the first castle. When Chuck Norris tells a bitch to be somewhere, she'd better be there.
When Chuck Norris plays with fire, you wet yourself in your sleep.
When Chuck Norris powers up any gaming console he is immediately greeted by the game's ending credits.
When Chuck Norris pulls up to a stop sign, it turns green.
When Chuck Norris punched Siegfried, Roy's head fell off.
When Chuck Norris punches a man through his chest, he never actually touches him. The atoms which compose the man's chest just get the fuck out of his fists way.
When Chuck Norris punches you in the uterus, you become pregnant. Dont try an abortion, either, it only makes the fetus stronger.
When Chuck Norris purchases anything he doesn't pay in money, he pays in death.
When Chuck Norris puts a lump of coal in his left hand, it turns into a diamond. When he puts that diamond in his right hand, it turns back into coal.
When Chuck Norris "puts his foot down", throats just happen to get in the way.
When Chuck Norris ran out of ammo, he caught 3 bullets in his chest and used them to reload.
When Chuck Norris really gets angry, he punches the moon.  This is the sole reason the moon has craters.
When Chuck Norris Roundhouse kicks in front of a mirror there is no reflection.
When Chuck Norris roundhouse kicks people, they do not die of blunt trauma or tissue damage.  They simple lose their will to live.
When Chuck Norris roundhouse-kicks people, they do not die of blunt trauma or tissue damage. They simply lose the will to live.
When Chuck Norris roundhouse kicks you, he tears a hole in the fabric of space and time, which sucks you into a parallel universe filled with Chuck Norrises, all waiting to roundhouse kick you back into the normal dimension.
When Chuck Norris rubs his feet on the carpet and shocks someone, lightning comes out of his finger.
When Chuck Norris runs he actually stays in the same place and the world spins underneath him.
When Chuck Norris runs under two humping dolphins, both are impregnated.
When Chuck Norris says jump, you ask for permission to come down.
When Chuck Norris says run, Simon starts running.
When Chuck Norris says the roof is on fire, the roof IS on fire.
When Chuck Norris sees a shooting star he does not wish. He commands.
When Chuck Norris sees red bad things happen. Thats why traffic lights are always green as he approaches and he always rolls black when he plays roulette.
When Chuck Norris sends in his taxes, he sends blank forms and includes only a picture of himself, crouched and ready to attack. Chuck Norris has not had to pay taxes ever. 
When Chuck Norris senses any danger to his penis, he transforms into a fire truck.
When Chuck Norris' shit hits the fan, the fan breaks.
When Chuck Norris shits, it causes mud slides in Mexico.
When Chuck Norris shoplifts, he actually steals the shop.
When Chuck Norris sits on concrete it leaves a groove.
When Chuck Norris smiles the whole world smiles back. At least it better if it knows what's good for it.
When Chuck Norris sneezes, a small country disappears.
When Chuck Norris snores, he is not "sawing logs," he is "decimating thousands of acres of precious rainforest."
When Chuck Norris spits out watermelon seeds, he puts a machine gun to shame.
When Chuck Norris squints he sees at a sub-atomic level.
When Chuck Norris stares Death in the face, Death blinks.
When Chuck Norris stares in the sky, clouds sweat out of fear. We call this rain.
When Chuck Norris stops for fast food, every menu is the dollar menu, or someone dies.
When Chuck Norris stubs his toe, the Earth shakes.
When Chuck Norris's wife burned the turkey one Thanksgiving, Chuck said, "Don't worry about it honey," and went into his backyard. He came back five minutes later with a live turkey, ate it whole, and when he threw it up a few seconds later it was fully cooked and came with cranberry sauce. When his wife asked him how he had done it, he gave her a roundhouse kick to the face and said, "Never question Chuck Norris."
When Chuck Norris switches the light out at night he's in bed before it gets dark. This is has nothing to do with the speed at which Chuck moves, but is because the light is too scared to make any sudden movements.
When Chuck Norris takes a dump, the resulting material is what  all economies are based on and wars are fought for.
When Chuck Norris takes a leak, a rainbow appears.
When Chuck Norris takes a shit a starving child in India eats for three years.
When Chuck Norris takes a shit the land is destroyed by nuclear fall-out.
When Chuck Norris takes Viagra, the pill gets wood.
When Chuck Norris talks, God listens.
When Chuck Norris tans, everyone around him gets ten times darker and eventually dies from cancer.
When Chuck Norris tells an opponent to "eat shit and die", he puts his ass on the opponent's mouth, takes a massive shit, and the victim explodes in a blaze of glory - and feces, of course.
When Chuck Norris tells a "yo mama" joke, people laugh. If they don't, then whatever Chuck said about their mom comes true.
When Chuck Norris tells time... time obeys.
When chuck norris tells you to pull his finger, you pull his finger. Losing innocent bystanders is a small price to pay compared to the alternative.
When Chuck Norris throws a barbeque he uses molten lava instead of charcoal, just to keep it hardcore.
When Chuck Norris throws a boomerang, it does not come back.
When Chuck Norris throws a cow, he literally launches a cow through the air.
When Chuck Norris turns left, he is actually turning right, because Chuck Norris is always right.
When Chuck Norris uses a Port-a-John, not only does he fill the tank, he flushes when he is done.
When Chuck Norris visited the Vatican, he took the Pope's confession.
When Chuck Norris votes, he is allowed to write any name on his ballot and that person will automatically be declared the winner of the election. This explains the political careers of Clint Eastwood, Arnold Schwarzenegger and Jesse Ventura.
When Chuck Norris walks he rotates the world beneath his feet; he has never moved.
When Chuck Norris walks in the club, he searches the bouncers.
When Chuck Norris' wallet feels the strain of rising gas prices Chuck Norris pisses in his own gas tank. He gets better mileage, and the car seems to like it also.
When Chuck Norris wants a back massage, he lays down on railroad tracks. 
When Chuck Norris wants a salad, he eats a vegetarian.  
When Chuck Norris wants espresso, he simply gets a bag of whole bean coffee, and glares at it until his cup is full of the nervous sweat and tears of the coffee bean
When Chuck Norris wants popcorn, he exhales on Nebraska.
When Chuck Norris wants something, he will stop at nothng to get it. What if he wanted the world?
When Chuck Norris wants to be incognito, he calls himself God.
When Chuck Norris wants to get drunk, he injects Jack Daniels into his neck with a syringe.
When Chuck Norris wants to get drunk he mixes 2kg of pure Heroine with 4L of straight Whiskey. The actual drink has little to no effect on him but he acts drunk to seem cooler to his friends.
When Chuck Norris wants to separate an egg, he simply tells the yolk to fuck off.
When Chuck Norris wants your opinion he'll give it to you.
When Chuck Norris want to eat, caring mothers offer their children as sacrafices to him in the hopes that he will make them another.
When Chuck Norris was 2, his parents took him to a Georgia beach for vacation. His diaper fell off and his penis sprang forth. The image was captured by satalite and it was naturally assumed that it was actually a new State called Florida.
When Chuck Norris was 7 years old, he played T-ball in his town's little league. All of the other kids would make fun of little Chucky because of his beard. One day, in order to send a message, Chuck took aim and hit a line drive so hard, it hit an outfielder and obliterated the kid's face into dust particles. The child's lifeless decapitated body lay there with brain matter sprayed all about. To this day, Chuck Norris will pimp slap anybody who gives him any shit about it.
When Chuck Norris was a baby, he didn't wear a diaper. He just pooped wherever he wanted.
When Chuck Norris was a baby, the doctor slapped him to see if he would cry.  But Chuck Norris didn't cry, he merely stood up on the table and roundhouse kicked the doctor in the face.
When Chuck Norris was a child he built a small village in his sandbox. That village is now the United States of America, God shed his grace on thee.
When Chuck Norris was an 8-year-old boy, Chuck Norris raped Micheal Jackson.
When Chuck Norris was a teenager, he couldn't use blow up dolls. Instead, he used blimps. For this reason, the Hindenburg crashed.
When Chuck Norris was born, he spanked the doctor.
When Chuck Norris was born, his parents sent a group of miners into the depths of Africa to find a diamond pure enough to cut his beard. They are still searching.
When Chuck Norris was circumcised his foreskin was thrown into the ocean. Feeling pity, Chuck breathed life into it, hence the numerous sightings of giant squid.
When Chuck Norris was denied a McGriddle at McDonalds because it was 10:35, He roundhouse kicked the store so hard it became a Wendy's.
When Chuck Norris was driving he saw a sign that said, "Caution: Small Children Playing." So he slowed down, but then it occurred to him: Chuck Norris isn't afraid of small children.
When Chuck Norris was fighting Godzilla, he accidentally unzipped his pants and made Godzilla feel small.
When Chuck Norris was in elementary school he found the tallest kid in school and tied a cord around his neck.  He then found the shortest and fattest and tied him to the cord.  After he finished his game of tetherball, he suspended the Principal.
When Chuck Norris was in elementary school, one of his classmates stabbed him with a pencil. The pencil got a splinter.
When Chuck Norris was in middle school, his English teacher assigned an essay: "What is Courage?"  Chuck Norris received an "A+" for writing only the words "Chuck Norris" and promptly turning in the paper.
When Chuck Norris was in pre-school, his teacher taught him the lyrics and motions to "I'm a Little Teapot." Chuck was so offended by the thought of his teacher calling him a teapot, he roundhouse kicked her to the face. He then continued to eat her flesh and and construct an exact replica of the Eifel Tower with her bones.
When Chuck Norris was interviewed by local papers as to why he saved the baby from the fire he replied, "I was hungry."
When Chuck Norris was on vacation in Calcutta he impregnated an entire seminary of nuns. Nine months later they gave birth to the 1972 Miami Dolphins.
When Chuck Norris was six, he spit off a bridge over an interstate and caused a 89 car pile up. He has a picture of it on his mantel.
When Chuck Norris was young, he accidentally stepped in a bear trap. He wore that trap on his leg for six years, and boy do his foes remember it. If you think getting kicked in the face by Chuck Norris is bad, imagine having twenty pounds of steel jaws come with it!
When Chuck Norris was young, he used to hit his father a lot.
When Chuck Norris watches Dragonball Z, Namek really does explode in 5 minutes.
When Chuck Norris went on trial, the Court found him innocent, and found itself guilty.
When Chuck Norris went to China he met Bruce Lee who wanted to see if Chuck Norris was as good a fighter as he had heard. When Chuck declined Bruce called him a pussy. Chuck responded by roundhouse kicking him in the face so hard that all Chinese peoples faces are flattened.
When Chuck Norris works out, he sweats fortitude.
When Chuck Norris works-out, it's a montage.
When Chuck Norris writes, he makes paper bleed.
When Chuck Norris yells loudly, Welch's Grape Juice leaks from his rectum.
When Chunk Norris has nausea, heartburn, indigestion, upset stomach, or diarrhea, he drinks arsenic because pink liquids are for pussies.
When driving in his SUV, Chuck Norris always swerves out of the way if a squirrel is in the road. Not because he finds their antics amusing, but because it gives him a chance to run over pedestrians.
Whenever a charity knocks on his door, Chuck Norris replies to them with the mysteriously poetic "Chuck Norris doesn't care because Chuck Norris has facial hair."
Whenever asked about what happened to Alpha and Beta Forces, Chuck Norris calmly replies "They fucked with the beard."
Whenever Chuck Norris doesnt feel the pleasure from a woman during sex, he rips out her ovaries, throws them in a frying pan, and has scrambled eggs for breakfast.
Whenever Chuck Norris hears the "Numa-numa" song, he roundhouse-kicks the closest fat kid.
Whenever Chuck Norris makes a joke, the sound of an audience laughing comes out of nowhere. Chuck will then turn to you, smile, and give you two thumbs up. After that, everything freezes, even you are unable to move. The laughter then turns into music as credits begin to scroll down from thin air. Finally, your sight fades to black and there is nothing. When you regain your sight and mobility, Chuck Norris is nowhere to be found.
Whenever Chuck Norris needs a new pair of boots he just goes out and kicks through a cow.
Whenever Chuck Norris reads about the "Virgin Mary" in the Bible, he laughs and tosses the Bible away.
Whenever Chuck Norris successfully completes a vicious round house kick to the face he mentally sings to himself, "This Is How We Do It" by Montel Jordan.
Whenever Chuck Norris's wife asks him nicely to do the dishes, he throws them in the garbage and tells her she looks fat.
Whenever Chuck Norris takes a dump in a public restroom he purposely hangs his butt over the side of the toilet bowl and does his duty all over the floor. He secretly hopes a korean janitor will have to clean it.
Whenever someone is constipated, doctors send them to Chuck Norris so he can scare the shit out of them.
Whenever Tony Soprano has a panic attack, it is because he is thinking of Chuck Norris.
Whenever two or more gather in his name, Chuck Norris is present.
Whenever you curse Chuck Norris under your breath for being the most awesome loser in history, you're damned lucky his beard doesn't hear it. DAMNED lucky.
Whenever you masturbate, Chuck Norris kills a kitten, but not really because you masturbated..just for the hell of it.
When ever you see Chuck Norris stroking his beard, what he is actually doing is masturbating.
Whenever you walk into a diner, be sure to tell em', "Chuck Norris sent me."
When faced with a difficult situation, Jesus asks himself, "What would Chuck Norris do?"
When God and the Devil play a game of football, Chuck Norris is the field they play upon.
When God kicked Adam and Eve out of the Garden, Chuck Norris stayed because God was too afraid to ask him to leave.
When God said, "Let there be light", Chuck Norris said, "say please."
When God sneezes, his pal Jesus quickly replies with, "Chuck Norris bless you."
When God sneezes, the seraphim sing, "Chuck bless you."
When God swears, he says "Chuckdammit!"
When Harry Potter was about to grab the golden snitch, Chuck Norris grabbed it and roundhouse kicked him in the face and proceeded to have sex with Hermione. A week later she gave birth to three snakes.
When he is alone at night, Chuck Norris likes to wear slippers with bunnies on them. Real bunnies.
When he was 9, Chuck Norris went on a Snipe Hunt. He caught 58 of them, which he had stuffed and proudly keeps above his fireplace.
When he was a baby, Chuck Norris dropped his mother on her head. She never refused her breast milk to him again.
When in Rome, do like the Romans do.<br />
When international spies are given a ‘licence to kill’, they are simply handed a picture of Chuck Norris. 
When it rains, Chuck Norris does not get wet.
When Kim Jong Il Googled Chuck Norris, the earth shook.
When life gave Chuck Norris lemons, he used them to kill terrorists. Chuck Norris fucking hates lemons.
When life gives Chuck Norris lemons, he makes orange juice.
When life gives you lemons, make lemonade. When life gives you Chuck Norris, you die.
When lightning strikes Chuck Norris, Chuck Norris strikes back.
When Meatloaf said he'd do anything for love, but he won't do that, he was talking about looking Chuck Norris directly in the eye.
When Medusa looked at Chuck Norris, he looked back at her right in the eye.  Chuck Norris walked away, Medusa wasn't so lucky.
When men have plastic surgery they usually ask for three things. The smile of Tom Cruise, the abs of Brad Pitt and the balls of Chuck Norris.
When Michael Jackson was trying to leave the Jackson 5, he told Chuck Norris that he "needed a change". In an unfortunate misunderstanding, Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked the black out him.
When Milton found out that it was not Bill Lumbergh but, in fact, Chuck Norris who took his stapler, he stopped asking for it back.
When Moses parted the Red Sea, Chuck Norris closed it back up and said, "Not on my time."
When most men climax they release more than one hundred million sperm.  Not Chuck Norris, when he climaxes a single super sperm is released.  It wears a Kevlar helmet, carries a machine gun and it looks pissed.
When most people claim to be "killing time", it's only an expression. When Chuck Norris kills time, the minutes actually cease to exist.
When most people see Chuck Norris for the first time, they think he looks like a real dick. Once they walk around the side of it, they realize there is actually a man attached to it.
When most people seem to be walking along talking to themself they are probably talking on a hands free cell phone.  When Chuck Norris looks like he's talking to himself, he's getting his weekly status report from God.
When Obi Wan was struck down by Darth Vader, he became Chuck Norris.
When on Google, searching such things like "death", "Pain", "suffering", "jackhammer", "porpoise", or anything of the sort, Google will respond with "Did you mean Chuck Norris?"
When on vacation in December of '04 Chuck Norris was stung by a jelly fish. Delirious with rage at the unadulterated insolence, he roundhouse kicked the ocean into submission. The result nearly wiped out a generation of Thais.   
When Pandora opened her box, death, pain, sickness, etc. all broke free. Shortly after this, the gods combined them into one being. Today this being is called Chuck Norris.
When parents respond to their children crying with "I'll give you something to cry about", they are referring to Chuck Norris.
When Paul McCartney sang "Yesterday, all my troubles seemed so far away", little did he know that Chuck Norris was actually pretty close.
When paused at the right moment, you can clearly see Chuck Norris' "Your Life Here" tattoo in the palm of the hand that rips out the human sacrifice's heart in Indiana Jones and The Temple of Doom. Special effect cost: 1 box of Trojans and a carton of Marlboro Reds.
When people are dying, they are told not to go to the light because Chuck Norris is there waiting to kill them.
When people watch a movie not starring Chuck Norris, they spend the whole time imagining the movie if Chuck Norris had been in it. When Chuck Norris watches a movie he did not star in, he makes a mental list of people to kill for not casting him in the movie.
When pink elephants get drunk, they see Chuck Norris.
When playing dodgeball, Chuck Norris will often light his opponents on fire, with lazer beams from his eyes.
When playing Go Fish, Chuck Norris really does "go fish." He then brings back a fifty pound bass, guts it, and then reassembles it and throws it back into the water.
When playing Monopoly, Chuck Norris always chooses the boot as his piece. He figures roundhouse kicks delivered with a cold, unforgiving metal boot will make opposing players give pause before trespassing on his property for a second time.
When playing rock paper scissors, Chuck Norris always chooses "roundhouse kick to the face". Chuck Norris think's games of chance are for pussies.
When reading the Bible, if you substitiute "Chuck Norris" for "God" or "Jesus" it makes much more sense.<br />
When researchers at Gillette designed a prototype 43 blade razor, they claimed it could even shave Chuck Norris' beard. When Chuck Norris heard about this, he went to Gillette, took the prototype, and used it to shave each researcher to death. Then, just to make a point, he tried to use it to shave himself, and the razor disintegrated.
When Rodney King pleaded, "Can't we all just get along?", Chuck Norris nodded and smiled. Then he proceeded to round-house kick him in the face.
When Saddam Hussein was captured by US forces, he stated that he "would like to negotiate". Negotiations immediately broke down when Saddam was informed that Chuck Norris was waiting outside.
When Santa was faced with the daunting task of delivering presents around the world, he asked Chuck Norris if he could help. Chuck Norris responded by plucking one hair from his beard and gave it to Santa. Santa, hoping the beard would give him unparalleled speed and martial arts quickness, promptly inserted the beard into his own. Much to Santa's dismay, this caused Santa's beard to turn against him and it began roundhouse kicking him until his cheeks were permanently rosy. When Santa confronted Chuck Norris of this disaster, Chuck Norris merely laughed and roundhouse kicked Santa back to the North Pole. To this day, Chuck Norris is eternally on the "naughty" list.
When someone calls Chuck Norris they hear a ticking clock rather than the traditional tone. Chuck Norris likes his victims to hear the last seconds of their lives tick away.
When someone dies without a will, their property goes to Chuck Norris. It's not a legal thing, Chuck Norris just likes free stuff.
When someone does Chuck Norris a favor, he never says, "Thank you" but only, "You're welcome" for allowing them to do a favor for Chuck Norris.
When someone says,"I traded blows with Chuck Norris," what that really means is Chuck gave them a mean roundhouse to the face before making them suck his dick.
When Sonic the Hedgehog collects all seven Chaos Emeralds, he turns into Super Sonic. Give Sonic a Red Bull and he'll turn into Chuck Norris and kill everyone in the room.
When Steven Segal kills a ninja he only takes it's hide. When Chuck Norris kills a ninja he uses every part.
When Superman squeezes a lump of coal, he creates a diamond. When Chuck Norris squeezes a lump of coal, he creates an African child to work in his diamond mines.
When Supernovas meet, they talk about the incredible amount of energy released when Chuck Norris roundhouse kicks somebody.
When the Americans set off the atomic bomb on Hiroshima, all that was left were ashes, bodies, and Chuck Norris reading a newspaper.
When the Boogeyman goes to sleep every night he checks his closet for Chuck Norris.
When the Candyman says "Candyman" three times in a mirror, Chuck Norris appears.
When the Earth was first formed a solitary Chuck Norris roamed it. He found the largest rock he could and roundhoused it. This rock is now called the moon. Chuck Norris then jacked off into the ocean and spawned life.
When the Grim Reaper is invited to a Halloween party, he usually comes as Chuck Norris.
When the Incredible Hulk gets angry he transforms into Chuck Norris.
When the medical industry falls on tough times they call upon Chuck Norris to roam the countryside delivering roundhouse kicks to anyone who may cross his path in order to stimulate business in hospitals.
When the MythBusters fail to prove a myth true, they call in Chuck Norris.
When the Persians beheaded Leonidas after the battle at Thermopylae, they didn't expect the body to grow a new, bearded head and start kicking everyone's ass. They named this monster "Chuck Norris," which is Persian for "God help us, we're going to die."
When the police mistakenly raided Chuck Norris' home, all they found were boxes of condoms and Lone Star beer. The discarded condoms and beer boxes were used as furniture.
When the world gives Chuck Norris lemonade, he makes lemons.
When the yield on a Chuck Norris bond goes up, the price also rises.
When they say "it's raining cats and dogs," Chuck Norris is probably just visiting the local animal hospital.
When Tom learned that Chuck Norris had joined MySpace, even he ran in fear; we have never heard from Tom again.
When "Walker - Texas Ranger" was cancelled, Chuck Norris wanted something for all his fans, so he invented Internet porn.
When working with Chuck Norris, common occupational hazards include death and crippling joint pain.
When writing "Romeo & Juliet" Shakespeare originally thought about Chuck Norris to play Romeo but in the end this could not happen because no poison could kill Chuck Norris. Ever.
When you and a group of strangers put on tights and stretch, it's called yoga. When Chuck Norris puts on tights and stretches, it's porn.
When you celebrate your birthday, you do not celebrate the date of your birth, you celebrate that Chuck Norris allowed you to live another year.
When you die, the last thing you see is Chuck Norris.
When you get killed by Chuck Norris you don't go to hell because Chuck thinks the devil is too lenient.
When you hear a car alarm shrieking in the distance, always say "God Bless You Chuck Norris," or you could be next. 
When you hear that snap, crackle and pop in your Rice Krispies, that really Chuck Norris round house kicking the shit out of the elves. He owns them every morning.
When you look back and see only one set of footprints, that's when Chuck Norris was carrying you.
When you look up at the stars, you wonder if you are alone in the universe. When Chuck Norris looks up at the stars, he knows he will one day be alone in the universe.
When you open a can of whoop-ass, Chuck Norris jumps out.
When you pray to god, Chuck Norris listens, Then round house kicks you to the head for believeing in god and not Chuck Norris.
When you see the reflection of Chuck Norris in a mirror, he's kicking your ass in it, even though it's not happening in real time.
When you walk outside and aren't eaten by dinosaurs, you can thank Chuck Norris for killing them.
When you walk outside and don't get eaten by a dinosaur, thank Chuck Norris.
When you wish upon a star, Chuck Norris punches you in the face for not taking control of your own goddamn life.
Whereas most people are killed by a BAC of .45, Chuck Norris only passes out when the alcohol in his veins is less than 5% blood.
Where the Grand Canyon lies today was where Chuck Norris first attempted a roundhouse kick.
Where theres a will, theres a way. Unless Chuck Norris wills it otherwise in which case your pretty much out of luck.
Whether you know it or not, Chuck Norris gives you a gift every Christmas. It's called being allowed to live.
Whever Chuck Norris has an orgasm, a building explodes.
While attempting to grow a vagina one Thursday night in September, Chuck Norris accidently grew a third penis out of his fifth ball.  At this point, he drank a beer.
While being the substitute teacher for a Kindergarten class. Chuck Norris forgot to pack a lunch. By the end of the day, class attendance went from 27 to 0.
While Chuck Norris was on holiday in Spain, he ate some bad paella causing him to take the largest shit known to man. That shit is now France.
While everyone made paper airplanes as a child, Chuck Norris made paper beards.
While exploring the born again faith, Chuck Norris found Christ.  He was right where he left him, dead and hanging from a cross.
While fighting the entire German army, Chuck Norris decided he was hungry, and got a bite to eat at the local sausage shop. Once realizing he had been poisoned, he quickly threw up his meal, then round-house kicked the chef. Strangely enough, this vomit, filled with the powerful stomach acid of Chuck Norris, melted through the ground into the center of the earth. The tremendous heat, mixed with the German sausage and the DNA of Chuck Norris, then formed an entity the world had never known. This being, then became a great action hero, even rivaling that of Norris. Realizing the threat, Chuck then imprisoned him to a life time of servitude, governing the state of California.
While filming an episode of "Walker Texas Ranger" the director disagreed with Chuck Norris. Chuck then roundhouse kicked the director in half. Afterwards realizing they needed a director, Chuck Norris ejaculated onto the ground, then out of the ooze rose a clone of Chuck Norris himself who then went on to direct the episode. This episode won every single Emmy award that year including best animated sitcom.
While guest starring in the final, unaired episode of the popular Canadian TV show "You Can't Do That On Television" Chuck Norris was asked "Who would win if you had to fight yourself?" His obvious answer resulted in 5000 gallons of green slime and the entire cast and crew being blasted into outer space.
While he was stationed with the U.S Air Force in South Korea, Chuck Norris is rumored to have had relations with a female USAF fighter pilot. Their child is depicted in an early 90's cartoon as Ace McCloud of the Centurions.
While in the Army, Chuck Norris once left an intense gun battle to "put on a tank top". He returned a while later with the turret of an M1-A1 Abrams strapped to his side and a twinkle in his eye.
While it is known that Bruce Lee died of a family curse, it isn't known that the curse is known as Chuck Norris.
While it's likely that you'll live past the age of 65, it's more likely that Chuck Norris will kill you before then.
While lost in the forest, Chuck Norris had unprotected sex with a grizzly bear, accidently creating the killing machine known as Teddy Ruxpin.
While not officially a diplomat, Chuck Norris has his own seat at the United Nations. He walked into the building by accident in 1992 and sat down in a seat reserved for the representative from Denmark, who chose to sit indian style rather than risk asking him to leave.
While often cited as the most powerful force in the universe, Chuck Norris concedes that there is a more powerful force:  Chuck Norris riding on the back of a North American Bobcat.
While on the set of Dodgeball, Chuck Norris called out William Shatner for having a hair piece. All Shatner could do was nod his head and say, "Yes sir Mr. Norris."
While playing the role of a Texas Ranger, Chuck Norris used live ammunition during all shoot outs. When the director explained that he can't do that, he replied, "Of course I can, I'm Chuck Norris," and roundhouse kicked him in the face.
While pruning Chuck Norris' beard, an idea was conceived by an unknown barber. Consequently, the birth of steel wool occurred.
While searching online for a quicker, more efficient way to bake muffins, Chuck Norris encountered the "I'm Feeling Lucky" button on Google. Taking this as a snide remark, Chuck Norris proceeded to destroy the search engine and fourteen orphanages for good measure. Chuck Norris is the only known man to have roundhouse kicked a search engine.
While serving in Vietnam, Chuck Norris's diet consisted of trail mix made from the testcles of enemy soldiers. He also threw in a handful of roasted almonds to build muscle.
While serving in Vietnam one Christmas, Chuck Norris mistakenly shot the Grinch and napalmed Who-ville.
While still in the womb, Chuck Norris cut his own umbilical cord because "he didn't need anyone's help".
While vacationing in Africa, Chuck Norris was attacked by a group of hungry lions.  Unfazed, he strangled them to death and proceeded to dislocate his jaw and ribcage so he could swallow his prey whole.
While viewing "Brokeback Mountain," Chuck Norris was very pissed off at how cowboys were portrayed incorrectly. Not because the cowboys were gay, the cowboys didn't kill at least 10 people.
While visiting Walt Disney World, Chuck was able to get those little figures to stop singing "Its a Small World" by simply snapping his fingers.
While watching the Tonight Show one night, Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked his TV and broke Jay Leno's jaw. 
While you may be able to kill 2 birds with one stone, Chuck Norris can kill 475.
Whilst paying a visit in Berlin, Chuck Norris paid a visit to the "Potsdamer Platz", a building notorious for having a lift that can cover 24 floors in less than 15 seconds. Upon hearing this Norris decided to race the lift using the stairs. Needless to say the first thing people saw when the lift doors opened on the 24th floor was Chuck Norris tapping his watch smugly.
Whilst touring Europe and some parts of Africa, Chuck Norris ate Napoleon and some random Nigerians; immediately thereafter he was overcome with a horrible case of diarrhea and unleashed his bowels into a nearby body of water. That body of water is now called the Black Sea.
Whispering "Fuck Chuck Norris" is the quickest but most painful form of suicide on Earth.
Who are Chuck Norris' parents?  Might, Justice, and cunning; yes, all three.
Who can take a sunrise, sprinkle it with dew? Cover it in chocolate and a miracle or two? Well, the Candyman can't: Chuck Norris punched his face off.   
Whoever said that poetry is the oldest form of literature has not yet met Chuck Norris.
Who in the hell brings a knife to a gun fight?  On a similiar note, who in the hell brings a gun to a Chuck Norris Fight?
"Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?"  Not Chuck Norris, that's for damn sure.
Who would win in a fight, Chuck Norris or God? Trick question, Norris is God
Why did the chicken cross the road? Because Chuck Norris ate its entire family, killed the farmer who bred it, and sex with the famers' wife all at the same time.
Why did the chicken cross the road? Because Chuck Norris was about to fuckin' kill it.
Why did the chicken cross the road? Because Chuck Norris was going to fucking kill it.
Why did the midget cross the road? Because Chuck Norris pistol-whipped it in the skull.
Why was 6 afraid of 7? Because of Chuck Norris.
Wikipedia was created so an article could be written about Chuck Norris.
Will Smith is merely a figment of Chuck Norris' imagination.
Wilt Chamberlin claims to of slept with over 20,000 women in his lifetime.  Chuck Norris calls this "a slow Tuesday."
With Chuck Norris, it's not "Rape". It's "Assault with a Deadly Weapon".
With only two fish and five loaves of bread, Jesus fed 5000 people. Just to prove a point, Chuck Norris later used the same implements to kill 10000 people.
Wolverine from the X-men is based entirely on Chuck Norris and was originally called "Chuck Norris" instead. When Chuck Norris threatened to sue for the use of his likeness, they cut  off his beard, gave him a queer hair cut, and called him Wolverine. This allowed them to keep the parts that are true, like the ability to heal, the claws, and the adamantium skeleton.
Women don't fantasize about Chuck Norris. They think back.
Women never say no to Chuck Norris. Even if they don't want to, they know its eventually gonna happen.
World War I was often referred to as the "Great War". This term was actually paraphrased from Chuck Norris' reference to it as being a "Top-Notch Freakin Awesome War". 
WWI ended when Chuck Norris finished his European vacation. WWII started when he went back for his wallet.
WWI? That never happened. It was Chuck Norris trying to prove to Cheech Marin that Germany was in fact stronger than France after a particularly disasterous game of Risk.
X-men is the name of Chuck Norris' kids.
Yoda mouthed Chuck. Chuck smacked the force out of Yoda. Eventually the force returned, Yoda's voice and speech pattern however, never were the same.
Yoda was once "6,4", black, and talked normal, he then made the mistake of saying Chuck Norris sucks.
You are because you think you are. You are not because Chuck Norris doesn't think you should be.
You are NOT allowed to draw and/or publish Chuck Norris cartoons. If you do so, as soon as you finish it, the cartoon version of Chuck Norris will roundhouse kick you straight into death.
You better buy Chuck Norris a Father's Day present, because he is your daddy.
You can never beat Chuck Norris, you only think you can...and while your thinking, you'll get a roundhouse kick to the face.
You can see the future when you gaze into Chuck Norris' balls.
You can't get blood from a stone, the mere thought of this makes Chuck Norris laugh, so loud in fact that nearby stones bleed in fear.
You don't have to be Chuck Norris to throw a dog through a boy, but it sure does help.<br />
You give a man a fish, he eats for a day.  You teach a man to fish, he eats for a lifetime.  If you ever, ever try to teach Chuck Norris about fishing then he will use your testicles as bait.
You know sometimes you feel kinda depressed but you don't know why? That's because Chuck Norris is asleep.
You know why Jesus has a beard? Because he's really Chuck Norris. He just has to fake his death and change names ever 30-90 years.
You know why people win the lottery? Because Chuck Norris once gave them the thumbs-up sign.
You lose one year of your total life expectancy everytime you look at the image of Chuck Norris.
You may cease to exist if Chuck Norris chooses to stop believing in you.
You may have given your girlfriend a diamond necklace for Christmas, but Chuck Norris gave her a pearl one last night.
You may have noticed that nothing has been heard of Chuck Norris in a long time. This is due to the fact that he is in China on secret mission "population control".
You may have the key to your girlfriend's heart, but Chuck Norris has the key to her back door.
You may have the power to judge Chuck Norris facts, but which of you dare judge Chuck Norris?
You may remember Chuck Norris from an old episode of "Let's Make a Deal." He was the only contestant that had a six pack of whoop ass in his bag for Monty Hall.
You may survive death, but you can't survive Chuck Norris.
Young men are having more sex with their female teachers because Chuck Norris has been having sex with almost all of the 14 to 17 year old girls.
You remember when you were playing the game Oregon Trail and you came accross the Snake River that was 2 foot deep, you decide to cross it and you lose 3 wagon wheels, one child and your wife was diagnosed with Parvo and they blamed it on Wagon Robbing Indians? Yeah that was Chuck Norris, he fucking robbed you, drowned your child with numchucks and gave your wife herpes. Chuck Norris Owns you.
You want to know why everyone likes pizza? Chuck Norris loves pizza and NOBODY disagrees with Chuck Norris.
You wouldn't like Chuck Norris when he's angry. Unless you have some sort of strange "being decapitated" fetish.
Zeus came from Chuck Norris' head.
Zombies are people who cannot rest until they have been killed by Chuck Norris.
